Hi, I was trying to get in touch with Molly. I don't know, has she looked at your labs yet or anything? Oh, okay. Well, she texted me back real quick, but I sent her like your testosterone levels and stuff. Maybe she'll respond. I don't know. But overall, let's see. Your labs look good. Now, as far as the hormones go, this was a trial because it was the day we were supposed to be inserting. So your total testosterone is like 50 something, which historically at your peak, it's been around like 115, 20, 115, 150, somewhere in there. Now, as far as some of these newer, the other lab set we drew. Your AMH, that kind of tells us a little bit about ovarian health, but like follicle storage, I guess. It was .2, so that's low. That's your ovarian reserve. And I'm not sure what Molly does with that, so let her go from there. Your vitamin D was 50.3. Not technically deficient, but usually we get it up to 80 plus or 100. Usually patients feel better. Your B12 looks good. It was at 997. Your folate's good. Let's see. Your progesterone was low. And you're not taking any other hormones other than the testosterone pellets, right? So, because we have not really discussed symptoms and hormones and stuff, how are you feeling? How do you feel? Do you sleep well? I mean, overall, I don't know that I'm not living a very high-stress life in general, running a business, and have two small kids, so it's just stressful. But, I mean, a lot of the things, like being tired, I just bring it up to being, I work for two hours, I'm always working. So, yeah, I mean, I'm just tired, but I don't know that that's abnormal for what I do. I work out a couple times a week, and I think I'm losing too much hair. I don't have bald spots, but my ponytail over here is much smaller than it used to be. But as far as like night sweats, I mean, not really, maybe sometimes, it's not consistent. You sleep all night, you have a hard time falling asleep. So I was taking a capsule that had some herbs and all of the melatonin called Unwind, probably an absinthe or something, and that helped me fall asleep and I would have a good night's sleep. Like I've been out of them for the past few days and so I am having a harder time going to sleep and then it never felt like I have to get up like an hour before my alarm goes off. Yeah. But that's been years. I mean, that's already been college. Okay. So that's not me. So aggravating. I guess like, one more hour. But the gap in my sleeping, it's just, and a lot of it depends on what I've got going on. I mean, I wake up in the morning. A lot of it I could probably chalk it up to sleep. Now I did have, and obviously they left my ovaries, but I had hysterectomy. So I don't know if it goes like change with my cycle at all, but I have no idea where I'm in.
When did you have your hysterectomy? Like before you started?
February 20th of this year.
Oh, this year. Okay. Gotcha. So it's a change. Okay. Um, okay. Well, that was my next question was, do we know where you were at with our cycle?
So we wouldn't know.
Well, so it looks like your progesterone has consistently been low. And honestly, progesterone is the very first hormone that leaves as we start going through perimenopause. Perimenopause can last 10 to 15 years. So much for being female. But progesterone helps with sleep. It helps fall asleep. It can help And tolerability, because ultimately it kind of creates a barrier between our cortisol, our stress hormone, and us actually responding to it. We should have the barrier of like, okay, yeah, that's annoying, but I'm not going to flip my shit right now. We don't want that role. That's not a big deal. Whatever, we can handle that. But then it turns into this short fuse where it's like, and I do feel like I am less tolerant than I used to be. Again, I've always just chalked that up to my children. Some of it is situational, it is, but for Desperin, not being on board does affect that because even as far as patients will start waking up at 3 a.m., things like that. I don't understand. Well, that's because cortisol is like a clock. It starts to rise between three or four in the morning, and normally we have this barrier of progesterone that's like, no, it's your time, right? And cortisol's like, I know, I'm getting ready, and then finally it breaks through, and then that's when we wake up in the morning. A lot of the time when we're going to sleep, it's starting to come down, but when everything's quiet, we get into bed, finally, whatever, and then it's like, there's no barrier to block the feeling of the cortisol, and cortisol's just sitting there going, I can't believe I'm not going to sleep. And then you have this wired, tired, like you've been exhausted, and you're like, I got a lifetime of problems right now. But then I'm not going to sleep, I'm wide awake, and it takes me two hours before I'm like, ready to go. So progesterone can help with that. You can take it at nighttime. You take about 30, 40 minutes before you're ready for bed, and then it should be staying asleep or stay asleep. I start patients at 100. Most patients are going to increase to 200, and that's usually like kind of magic dose there. It is a little bit finicky for some patients as far as like their body just getting used to it again, meaning some patients may experience some daytime grogginess because it's just like their body's not used to it again. That usually wears off after like a week or two. Like it's just like, yeah, get used to it. If it doesn't, changing the timing of the dose can help. So there's different things. A lot of patients are going to say, I mean, I don't know if it works all the way, but it's a difference. And then we go up to the 200 milligrams. Some patients may say, hey, that went like the complete opposite direction we were trying to go because now I'm even more agitated. There's a few of those, and most of those patients do better if we increase because it's like it's just teasing. So just know that there are some things, but usually about two weeks is like everything can be worked out. Okay, so how long should I give it on the 100 before I decide? Usually just like a few days, honestly. Like, I mean, I always say, like, if you're feeling the grogginess, it may take a week or two, okay, for that to resolve. But if you're not feeling anything, then go ahead and go up to the two, okay? I was at one point taking some magnesium, some luciferin or whatever. We had that. Kind of taking it recently. I do think it helped, but should I just wait and just do the progesterone to start with? I mean, you can, yeah. I mean, you've had magnesium before, so I think you could restart it without it causing any kind of side effects that you were like, wait, is it this or is it that? But magnesium is a good idea to take anyways because most of the time we are low in it. Yeah. And it's hard to catch. So, I mean, and it does help like calm and rest and all that. So the production, you said 30, 45 minutes before breakfast. Yeah, and most patients it does, like it is today, and they're like, oh yes, I'm tired. Okay. And usually the ones who don't respond that way, who don't get groggy, but have that daytime hangover feeling, usually those are the ones that need to move it earlier. It's almost like it just takes their body longer to do something with it. And so naturally it's like, oh, well if it's last this long and it doesn't take effect until later, it's like, I'm trying to get that. Your estrogen, it's at 84. That's not just like in the dirt, but it also is like not like where we usually feel great. But it's also, what is that? This was in March. Okay. So in March, your estrogen was at 178. So that kind of tells me definitely, you know, we don't have any years going on in the cycle. Oh well, your hormones are still cycling but no bleeding. We're definitely in that perimenopausal phase of just estrogen fluctuating, like going up and down. And really the... Even when I'm having a cycle, I don't know, like the estrogen should not be given down that low. Right, well, so if you were on your period, yes, it does dip down. But usually it's not a dramatic draw. Now, but looking at your past labs, I mean, there was one back here that was like 30 something. So and then 89 and then 178 and then now at 84. And 89 was a year ago, almost exactly a year ago. So it could be that we're just kind of doing what we normally do. But if you do start to get hot flashes, And things like that. Would you experience hot flashes during the day or get more warm than not? You can have hot flashes anytime. Night sweat, that's the same too. And usually that's when it's dipping below our threshold. If anything, I'm more cold. Cold. Yeah, and I wear shorts and t-shirts and I get on my covers. I'm fine. Sometimes I do get hot. But during the day, I find myself more cold. Yeah. Well, and I think we hold off on any kind of estrogen just because I'd like to see just a little bit more. Maybe one more in like three months. This was four months. If we did another three or four months, we kind of maybe would see like if that drops you back down in the 30s or something. It's like, well, and you're like, well, I mean, yeah, I was having some issues that day. Would it be beneficial because we don't know ...the hormones, that's all we have to run. It's like $45. It's not a big deal. But yeah, that's what I, I just hate being like blah, blah, blah. But I'm like, I like to, I mean, just coming to see what we're doing. Yeah. So yeah, if you're okay with that, and then we'll find out a little bit more. B12 is good. Your ferritin was actually right where, I mean, it's at 73. At least you want it above 70. So you're like iron. That's your iron. I was looking for your actual iron. Yeah, and your like circulating iron, it looks good. I mean, nothing says iron deficient. And some of these, like I said, I'm not sure what Molly's actually looking for. Like I know she was looking for, I was asking, I was like, hey, I don't know what exactly you're looking for. Like your DHT, which is like what we look at for like that, especially the actual cause of like male pattern baldness, okay? Like shows testosterone converts to DHT if it's exposed to like hair follicles, that's where we get that, you know, or skin acne or that kind of thing. So she was looking for your DHT to be under 15. So yours is at 86. So the normal range on here, which it's a normal range or so, 24 to 208. So I don't know. But she also sent us, like I said, I don't know what she's interpreting it as. But there was this formula she sent that has your total testosterone times 3.47 divided by your sex hormone binding globulin. And she, I guess it's a problem if it's above 5. And when I put your, these labs, which are out of trial, in, it's 4.99. So like right there. And I don't, like I said, like I don't know I'm not really sure how to balance this with testosterone replacement therapy because at your peak, your last peak was 116, well that formula comes back at 7.14. But I'm like, I just don't really know how to balance. I mean, because I don't know what kind of balance as far as how to supplement with anything really and get that below a 5. Now, I do think I don't love pellets as much just because I feel like it's like throwing a football. Like we have to make it last. That one has to get so much higher so that it falls over there. Right. And so really, I favor like injections even like once a week or even twice a week at a lower, you know, just to kind of, so we're getting and you get the variability because what I see happen in a lot of patients They're like, oh yes, that's great. And two things happen. Either they have gotten further off into menopause, into perimenopause, so obviously their natural abilities are slowing down, and so we're going to see a dip if we keep doing the same pellet, and then they're not aiding naturally anymore. But more so than that, I think what happens, because usually it's about a year or two and then, and they're like, hey, I think we need to go up, and it's like, well, we don't. Like, your labs are still where they are, where they need to be, and like, we just can't. I mean, we're not trying to turn you into a man. You're welcome. But, you know, but it's like, they're like, oh, I just don't feel like it's working anymore. And I call that like the roller coaster effect, because it gets patients up really high, but if they stay so high for such an extended amount of time. It's like you get on the roller coaster and you're like, woo, step on. You go a few rounds and then you're like, oh, aren't we going off?

Oh, well, all the attention, I don't like roller coasters. So, you guys have been all the attention.

Actually, it's my mom. Unfortunately, I'm making a weird noise. And it's like, I bought that car from his grandmother. I already feel like I'm in a brand new mobile. I mean, it's a Highlander, but it's an old one. And then it's got freaking campaign stickers on the side. So now I'm like, hmm. And now it's like you can hear me coming. I said, I'm not okay with any of this. Please let me just like feed you like in company. So first day of school, I'm like, oh. I just put some light. But anyway, so, you get patients up high and they keep them up high for so long, and then it's like getting on a roller coaster, you're like, oh, this is so fun. And then after a few passes, it's like, oh, I'm not supposed to get off? No, okay, that's fine, I'll go again. And then finally it's like, hey, let me off the ride. Let me off the ride. And it's like, we just need a little bit more frequent, I think, variability in order to feel good. So I do like the injections, but at the end of the day too, if the patient's like, the only way I'm going to do these hormones is through a pellet, then we're going to do a pellet. So that's up to you. Now the Epstein-Barr stuff, Molly may come up with something different, but this does not say active or reactivation. This is about 90% of patients have had those hot for this and whatever. If you were sick, like fever or something like that, I'd be like, okay, well, maybe we are having a reactivation, but I don't see that. Now, the thyroid situation, you do have Hashimoto's, but we do have the antibodies, but it's not affecting your thyroid right now. So at the end of the day, we keep watching that and know that you have that. So if we do get like a TSH that's even questionable, it's like, well, let's- Do you do anything to make sure the antibodies stay down? Really, that comes from just like, it's autoimmune, so lowering our inflammation and things like that for diet or supplements, you know, that kind of thing. So like omega fish oils and Mediterranean-style diet. The GLP-1 should be helping, and that may be what's helping keep it at life, because it does keep the inflammation down. Because your TSH now, the last set of labs, your TSH had gotten to 2.23, which the normal range is like 0.43 to 5.25. But still at 2.25, I'd start going, might have some subclinical hypothyroid, where we're just, you know. But yours is now at 1.43, which the thyroid does that. All I'd say, everything in here, to me, looks good. I'm sure she's got some dietary recommendations or something that you all will go over as far as that goes. What about the lipoprotein or something that you were talking about was hot? I've never heard of that. Oh, okay, sorry, it was down here at the very bottom. Almost missed it. So lipoprotein A. So your cholesterol looks good. And you'll see the apolipoprotein B. So when we're looking at cholesterol, your LDL, the bad cholesterol, those are the atherogenic particles, the ones that implant into the walls of our arteries to create the plaques that we're always worried about. But the thing is, that calculation is actually a calculation of how much cholesterol these problematic particles can hold. So almost like a volume. But it's not a calculation of how many bad particles do we have because LDL is only one type of bad particle because we have non-HDL atherogenic particles too. So your apolipoprotein B tells us an actual head count of how many bad particles and that one was good, it was 71. Your lipoprotein A though, is actually a genetic factor. So what that does is it's like you've got these bad particles and then they have this little bad guy on top of them. And the bad guy on top of them makes them sticky. You have lower atherogenic particles, then you're going to have less of that. And you get to clean the fish and all the vinegar. Yeah, no, I don't eat fish. So having something that open, that hits me in the face, like in the freezer, which is supposed to decrease that. No, these don't smell. These actually smell like kind of good, like they smell like lemony or something. And then, let's see. Your mitochondrial score that I kind of run, it was low, so that's good, meaning like you don't have as much burden, which is like, you know, cellular level. The main thing is getting the ferritin up a little bit more. Your apolipoprotein B and your triglycerides, they were like right borderline, but the officials should bring that down too. As far as the testosterone injections, do you want me to talk to you before we- That's completely up to you. And the way that I've been doing it versus the way that Kim had always done it, I send in a prescription to the compound pharmacy. It gets sent to your house and it comes with the syringes and you do it yourself. There's 10 weeks in there. So we kind of check in in eight weeks, I resend your prescription. Yeah, you don't have to come in and pick them up. And just to kind of lessen the blow as far as y'all figuring things out, I say we maybe do like twice a week if you're up for that and keep it like lower a little bit and see how you feel. Progesterone is less than the building, and estrogen is gone mad, okay? Like, don't even keep track of her. Well, let's do that. Two weeks, let's recheck the estrogen. When do you want me to give my injection prior to pulling blood for the testosterone? I'm doing it twice a week. So we kind of see where we're at. So usually when we do testosterone, we're going to do it on the day of the injection, but before you do an injection. And then do you do it like Monday, Thursday? Yep. We got about three to four days. Yeah. And if not, then we can increase it and you can get one day. And you know, at the end of the day, like I like a topical, but topicals do actually, because it converts in the skin, it does have more DHT exposure. So I did not do well with topical. I could not remember doing that. And it's like, oh yeah, yeah, too much. Too many rules. Yeah, I can't do that. And I'm going to be honest with you, compliance is hard for me. Let's do the shot. You're happy to get on with the week because you're doing the GLP-1 too. Let me try the fish oil.