Hey there. How are you? Doing good. I'm Morgan. Nice to meet you. Okay. Let's see what we got. All right, tell me a little bit about what brought you over here to us. Well, I had a few dizzy spells, and went to my internal medicine doctor, and she ran a bunch of blood work, and one of the things she wanted me to check was my ears. Okay. Okay, so I went to Dr. House. I had normal stuff going on. I didn't even notice. I went to see that your doctor, I mean, I got your slip right, but he thought that everything that was going on was probably hormonal. Okay. I'm like five years post. I tried the trophies way back when I first started, but I only got them as a device made of seeds. So I just can take them. And I got the progesterone and estrogen for a minute. I just don't take medicine. I can't get away with it without it. So far, I feel like I've never had some menopause or anything compared to me. I walk in the park. But the good thing is it got kind of scary, okay, because if we can't figure out what it is, the next step is an MRI. How often have the dizzy spells happened? Actually, they're not there. And there was a bunch going on at that time. It's probably been a month. So a lot of patients think that menopause, like we are only treating for hot flashes or for symptoms like that. Personally, in my practice... I'm treating with estrogen and other hormones for the long-term metabolic benefits, for the heart protection and the brain protection that estrogen provides. So that's kind of more my scope. Of course, I want to help ladies if they are like drenching in sweat at night and feeling like crazy people and all of that. But mainly I'm looking at the cardiac risk factors and the neurological risk factors of it. Now, one thing, and we'll go through all of your labs, but you are a little iron deficient and that could possibly deal with some of the dizziness a little bit. Okay, well I just started probably two weeks ago, if that long. So maybe a week before I guess we're going? Yeah, starting on vitamin F iron. The Centrum Women's or something different? Yeah, well, yeah, the many that I've dealt with, I got checked because of my mallet-taking before, for some reason, you know, but I've been just starved. I haven't been on it long enough. That's it, and you're not like anemic or anything like that, but a little bit of iron deficient, which could be playing into that. And it does sound like, you know, panic attack situation. It does sound like some of that could be anxiety-driven, like, and it's weird because sometimes we have, I feel like there's two different ways anxiety comes up. Sometimes it's a patient's mind that then makes their heart go and, you know, but then sometimes it's kind of opposite. Sometimes it's like, why are we even, what are we even stressed about? You know, like, I don't know, and it's more of like an uncomfortable, and it's like our body's doing something. Even our brain doesn't realize what's even doing, you know. And that I feel like is more like a menopausal situation there. But I will tell you it's like since I, we have a nurse family person and I was telling her about it and she was saying you have a panic attack when you get busy and that's like it works for me. And so I told myself that. So then after that when I get that little dizzy spell I would think okay, you just need to chill. We're okay. It does help. It does help. And I will say something else that helped me was, you know, by the way, we're curious about why you're taking thyroid medicine. And I was at Dr. Cistern's office who is my age and makes me feel really young. But anyway, he said if you're worried about, you know, my cholesterol, I have high cholesterol. And he said if you're worried about your cholesterol, just go across the street, you're gonna... They gave back for the calcium score. So there is no calcium. Okay, fine, that's clear, but you're getting busy. I want to make sure you're getting enough oxygen to your brain. Yeah, for the brain. So I'm sorry I don't remember my cholesterol. Yeah, and I will say, so normally, okay, I will just go over to the lab real quick and then we'll dive into the rest of it. You obviously know that your cholesterol is elevated, and when we put those numbers into a calcium, I mean, what was the calcium score? No. An ASCBD calculator, it tells us like your 10-year risk factor, okay? Yours is at 1.7, we want to blow pop. So you're still low. So just generally speaking, I would not recommend putting a statin just off of this, okay? But I do dig a little bit. most of the time we're looking at this LDL number, and what that actual number is though, so we've got these problematic particles that tend to embed into the walls of our artery and create the plaques. Those are, LDL is one of them. Then you'll see this non-HDL number too, and those are other ones that are problematic as well. But the calculation of this LDL is actually how much cholesterol these fat particles can hold. So it's...