Hey, how are you? I'm good. I know, I don't know where it might be, but you do look very familiar. Well, okay, so I got your labs, and so you have won the little, or bet on something at, what is it? Okay, awesome. Well, glad to have you. So just tell me a little bit about what's going on with you as far as like any symptoms, anything you're specifically interested in. I mean, we're going to go over all of your labs, but if there's anything that's bothering you, then I want to definitely address that too. Yeah, thankfully nothing's bothering me, but I did have grave disease when I was turning 20, and so I've been on Synthroid for a really long time, and just, I can't remember what I was getting blood work for, but it was a couple months ago. It came back really... It was really all normal. It was like one point something or point something. It was ten. I was hoping that was a one-off and it was under control for many years. That would be very weird. And then I was curious about what you think about the testosterone. I think Brittany said you just got your pellet not too long ago. Well, maybe a month ago. Okay. And I'm just curious to make sure my calcium. I like checking my calcium because I'm much older than it is. I guess like I just take different multivitamins. I've had high cholesterol before, like in the mid-200s. And a couple years ago, I just kind of tried to go on a real big health journey to see if I could control it. I lost basically 15 pounds. And I'm really conscious of what I put in my mouth. It's really made me very health-conscious after that because that's just very morbid. But keep it under control. I understand. Okay, so I did get your labs back and we'll go over those and just kind of dive right in. I do have your report here so this can be taken home with you. It'll be a lot of time dumped on you, but you'll have some things to take home in a lot of time. Good news is your lipid profile looks really good. So your cholesterol looks really, really good. Your total cholesterol is below 200. Your LDL is below 100, which is the bad cholesterol. And your HDL, which is the good guys, is up. It's at 53, so that's good for 100 above 50. So what we do as far as a cardiac assessment is we do take some of these numbers along with your age and a few other and put it in what's called an ASCBD calculator. And that's going to give us a 10-year risk factor. So the question it's answering is what's the likelihood that this patient having a cardiovascular event in 10 years. And yours, we want it below five, and yours is at 0.9, so that's good. So your 10-year risk is 0.9, and your 30-year risk is 5.8. So those are both good, low risk. I do go a little bit further and look at some of the advanced lipid markers. So normally we're looking at LDL because those are atherogenic. That means that they can implant to the walls of the arteries and create blockage. So that's why everybody will hear LDL, LDL, you know, that's the one we want to make sure does not get out of control. But it is actually, when they're measuring that in these labs, it's measuring how much cholesterol these fat particles can hold. So it's almost measuring, like, how big they are. And we were saying, okay, what's the likelihood of having a wreck? You know, and they're like, okay, well, the average size of the cars on the road is a minivan. It's like, well, that's, okay, that's a little bit of the piece of the puzzle, but like that really doesn't tell us exactly our risk factors. So there's another protein called apolipoprotein B, and it's going to tell us the number of problematic particles that a patient has. And we want it below 130, and yours is at 70 now, so that's even under control, okay? I also look at lipoprotein A, which is a genetic marker. So while these numbers we're talking about, atherogenic particles that can plant into the walls, create blockages, we also have that stroke risk, that thrombotic risk, and that's from them being sticky. So that's what this lipoprotein A does, is it makes them sticky. We want it below 30, and yours is like, it didn't register. It's like less than six. So cardiac risk is... Very good. I also look at the C-reactive protein, which is an inflammatory marker. We use it to kind of guide us for cardiac risk assessment, but also it could be elevated from other things that are just creating systematic inflammation. We want it below one, and yours is at 0.3, so very good. Looking at your just general blood, like your red blood cells, white blood cells, your white blood cells were just like barely low, nothing to worry about or anything like that. Your TSH, your thyroid stimulating hormone, is actually low. So did y'all adjust it when it was elevated? No, I self-medicated. So our perfect mix was 125 MCGs five times a week, and so I just started doing it every day instead of, and like I just picked up, so I was like, it couldn't hurt. Yeah, that had to be like a... I mean, because... Yeah, it was worrying me. It's been about five weeks, probably. I would probably go back to doing it like it was prescribed with the five days because you probably... Right now you're a little over medicating a little bit. Yeah. And if you felt any increase in anxiety or jitteriness... Probably a little anxious. It could be that. Because your T4, which we go ahead and draw, it's a little bit elevated at 1.8. So you are, you know, definitely a little bit up. So you can go back to the five. I bet that was just like a... For sure. I'll get back to the five, and then, you know, I know that you've just been on this and you get this wellness evaluation, so if you are to actually join as a member, then we would check it again for you in a few months and just make sure, but you can also have your primary care do that too. Okay. But the rest of your blood count looks good. Your liver looks good. Kidneys look good. Looking at your iron levels, no signs of anemia. Your ferritin, which is your iron storage, it's at 80.2, so that's good. What we look at as far as that goes, that can contribute to fatigue, getting more winded when you're exercising, hair thinning, things like that. Yeah, no, your iron's really, really good. Your iron's restored, no problem there. Your ferritin's at 80, so usually above 50 is kind of our benchmark or whatever, but 70 really for hair and all that kind of stuff, so you're at 80, so you're good there. Your vitamin D looks good. Do you take a supplement for that? I always shoot for patients to keep it between 60 and 80. Really, 80 is kind of like the marker there. Is that like a D2K3 thing? A D3K2, yep. That's the one, yep. How much are you taking of that? Just one little thing. Okay, yeah, that's fine. Whatever you're doing is working, so that's good. And vitamin D, it really does. I would recommend just always taking that. Vitamin D really acts more like a hormone than it does a vitamin because it actually signals, tells other things what to do, but it plays a big role in... brain fog, energy levels, and things like that. And of course, that's a big player for your body. Your calcium is fine too, by the way. And let's see, your B12 was elevated. You must be on a supplement for that. I mean, it's off the chart. I mean, it registered above 2,000, but it's water-soluble. But if it's a separate vitamin, like if it's not in with other things, you could back off of it for sure. I feel like my vitamin D has a B12 supplement. My calcium has a B12. I take two calcium supplements a day. I wonder if I should cut back to one. I worry about osteoporosis. Okay. So I think you could probably cut back to one. The main thing, and I think I'm falling over everything, so we can just jump into the hormones. A big, big, big key player for osteoporosis is estrogen. So, I know you got a testosterone pellet. Your testosterone is elevated, but not like scary elevated. It's elevated like you had a pellet. I was going to ask, was that your first one? No, I've been getting them for, I've probably gotten four now. But I started it because a friend who did it, and she was like, I feel so much better. And then I went to my gyno, and she was like, oh, you're just at the set or whatever. Like, it's too low. You should do something. And so, I just jumped right into the pellet. But sometimes when I've had blood work since I've started, it says it's really high. And so, I don't know. But for me, it's like, oh, you're fine. You're like, I'm up. Yeah. And here's just my personal philosophy. Because we do pellets here. I do pellets. And I like pellets. They're not my first option. They're not my favorite solution. And ultimately, I feel like now if we were talking about a mid-30s, you know, who, like, they're obviously, they might be starting to do, I'm not going to say, okay. And their estrogen is still kicking. Their estrogen is actually probably starting to get really erratic because that's what happens. And the progesterone is starting to drop off. Testosterone is a good helper for that, for energy and things like that. Our testosterone naturally starts to decline in our 30s. So doing testosterone first in that patient, that makes sense to me. Patients who are further along in perimenopause or postmenopause. Like, how do I know? I've never been told, you're in menopause or you're in perimenopause or anything. Yeah. Which is weird. I have my own I had my uterus, because I was bleeding on my stomach. I had boys at 42 to 44 years old. Okay. Which is, I mean, I don't know if that pushes stuff back. I don't know where I am. I don't even know if it matters. And I only have this one set of labs to go off of, but when was your last cycle? Have you had one? Just whenever. I mean, I was very regular until I had my ovaries. I mean, I had my ovaries on. That's right, you had your uterus removed. Nevermind. Yeah, you wouldn't have that cycle, sorry. I was like stuck on the children. I feel sometimes like I need to pay attention. I mean, you know, like you. Well, so your FSH, that's what we used to say, pre or postmenopausal. Yours is postmenopausal, okay? Now, and that's, so everybody thinks menopause is hot flashes only, and that's really, yes, that can happen, especially with fluctuations now. So, You've also been getting pellets for over a year, right? Yes. Four, yeah, now you're in that, maybe? Yes. And testosterone can help, like, mediate hot flashes. Yeah, it can help with those motor symptoms. So it could have been maybe at the time you might have started having hot flashes. Not every woman's gonna have hot flashes. So, yeah. But my husband says I act like a total a-hole after I get testosterone. He's like, oh, that's because you had your pellets, didn't he? Yeah, really, so that's so funny because a lot of patients will say, like, their husbands are like, hey, can you go get your pellet? Because they will be total a-holes when it's dropped. So it makes them happier. Well, and I'll tell you, so the whole testosterone thing, the pellet thing, the reason I do feel like there are some patients that do really well with pellets, and it's the best fit for them because of convenience. Because of compliance, like they just won't take something or they won't do something different. So it's like, that's the only way and they're getting released, then cool. Like I'm down with it. But ultimately, it's like throwing a football. Like we're taking this testosterone and we are having to make it last for three to four months. So naturally we have to get it high so that it falls way over there, instead of doing something that you're doing more frequently where we're not having to have this huge spike because we're going to re-dose it. All that to say, transdermal creams and gels, they can be variable patient to patient. A lot of my patients do like the, because I get it compounded at service drugs every year. I talk to my pharmacist, we've come up with, you know, or she's come up with a base that absorbs really well, because that's the main problem. If they do absorb, though, they're a really good option because they mimic a more natural, it's an everyday thing, you're not having these huge peaks and huge valleys, it's just more stable, but it keeps you just kind of a natural up and down, and you do it every day, and you can calculate it easy because you do it every day. So if we're doing one click of that gel, and your labs are like, I mean, yeah, you're absorbing, but we could do better, do two clicks, you know, or if you're feeling, because I know that feeling that you're talking about. And so sometimes it's like if I go several days in a row, even though I'm doing the daily gel, it's like it builds up a little bit on me, it can stack a little bit in some patients, and it's like I'll be like, I might need to take a little vacation for a few days because I think I am getting a little aggressive. You know, I can tell everybody about everything, you know, what they're doing wrong, and usually it's the men. Yeah, so I do understand that. But ultimately in perimenopause, especially later perimenopause, when patients go, I don't know what's happened, I don't feel like myself. Like, I'm like, my brain doesn't feel like it's working right. I'm forgetting words and like I'm tired and I just feel like I've just hit this like wall. I don't know. Well, only about 20% of our testosterone is made by our ovaries. And it's naturally declining just when we hit puberty, really, just like men. So by the time our ovaries completely stop working, sure, we're gonna have like this dip, but it's been going that way the whole time. Are my ovaries working? You do, you are still producing a little bit. Your estrogen is still at, where did it go, 50. So you do have some estrogen being produced. I'm okay. for bone health. So we know that bone resorption, meaning like bone breakdown, it's going to stop when our estrogen is maintained between 40 and 60. So I always, I'm pushing for patients to always maintain above 55. You're right there. That's, you know, a patch, below this patch. How do you sleep? Do you sleep well at night? It's so weird because recently, like I've always slipped the switch, you know? And recently I've just tossed and turned and it took me a while to get out and then it's hard to wake up. So I'm getting this bad cycle. Is it like that wire tire, like you're tired and then you go lay down and you're like... I can't turn off. And I've never had that problem. I've heard that from plenty of people. I can't turn it off. I'm like, what can we do? Well, and a lot of that could be coming from... So estrogen plays a role in our sleep, but progesterone plays a role in our sleep, and yours is low. That's the first hormone that starts to decline in perimenopause. But progesterone, a lot of times when women don't have a uterus because of a hysterectomy, their OBGYN is not going to prescribe progesterone because its main purpose was to protect the uterus if we're giving estrogen therapy. Progesterone keeps estrogen in check so that we're not having this buildup of the endometrium and creating endometrial cancers by just letting estrogen, estrogen, estrogen. It's natural opposition, not there, okay? Because normally we have those. But when you don't have a uterus, you don't have to worry about that. So a lot of OBGYNs will prescribe progesterone. However, progesterone does... Our role in our neurophysiology, it's converted to allopregnanolone in our brain and that deals with our GABA receptors. So it's a mood hormone. It's sedating. That's why normally we take it at night time, about 30 to 40 minutes before you go to bed, and it helps you kind of turn it off. But another main thing is it's going to create this buffer for cortisol, which is our stress hormone. It doesn't necessarily turn the cortisol down or do any of that kind of thing, but it does create this buffer where so our cortisol is on a 24-hour cycle. It's our sleep and it's our wake. We need it. But naturally, it's going to start rising at 23 and 4 in the morning. So a lot of patients will be like, every morning at 3 a.m. I'm waking up like clockwork. I don't understand what is that clockwork because that's when that cortisol starts to turn on, and normally we have this barrier here, so it's like we don't feel it until it breaks through and then we wake up at whatever our normal time is. And then at nighttime though, when everything's quiet, everything's settled down, normally that's when our cortisol is starting to go down for us to go to sleep. But it can still be noisy if we don't have that barrier of progesterone, even at a natural normal level. So progesterone really helps with that, it helps with mood. Stress resiliency is patients notice that like, okay, I know I've always been a little like eh, but like I can't stand to sit at the dinner table with my children because I can hear their food in their mouth. Or why is my husband breathing like that all of a sudden? I wish he would just stop doing it all together, just stop breathing, son. Just stop. Stop, please. You know, those kind of like agitations that you're like, why is this bothering me so bad? Like I've never been this agitated. Progesterone, that's... So taking a progesterone at nighttime can help with that. Low-dose estrogen I would recommend for you, probably, just because you are postmenopausal, that estrogen is just going to get lower, and that is where we see the bones start to take a hit, cardiovascular, estrogen is what keeps our vessels flexible, it also keeps our cholesterol under control. It's a really big player in our brain health, and our cellular health, for sure, because estrogen increases our cells' response to insulin, so it helps to increase insulin sensitivity. So when we, as women, in perimenopause and beyond, we do see an increase in insulin resistance. And a lot of that has to do with these shifts in our hormones. In the brain specifically, estrogen can help with that insulin sensitivity so that the glucose can get into the cells, which is what our brain cells want to use for energy. In the absence of estrogen, what they're seeing in these early studies, which they should be old studies, they should have already been done a long time ago, but the pictures of the brain, you see a visible volume loss. Because ultimately what the brain ends up doing, if it can't metabolize the glucose like it wants because the cell won't let it in, it starts to metabolize something else, and it metabolizes white matter, which is itself. So you end up with these, I mean, I can't say that lack of estrogen causes dementia because there's not a study that just shows that, but that's what we're looking at, is how estrogen plays a role in dementia, even Alzheimer's, because Well, that has to do with sleep because the tau proteins that build up that are seen in all Alzheimer's patients, those clear out while we sleep. And estrogen plays a role in that, progesterone plays a role in sleep, and when we don't sleep, they don't get cleared. How do you feel about the little sleepy gummies? I just feel like I would take one if honestly, if I had caffeine late in the day or I had some chocolate or something because I'm very... Is it just like melatonin or... Yeah. Melatonin is great. I like it because your body gets used to them. No, but you should. Melatonin naturally declines as we age. Some patients don't tolerate it well. Some patients may have nightmares. I've got a son. I learned that early on. I'm like, I'm going to get some melatonin and knock this stuff out. And he was like, wow. No, nightmares. I was like, well, that backfired on me. It was really. But yeah, melatonin, magnesium at nighttime, those are all good options. Yeah, I think that might be good. Like Nero. That's still good. That's really good. It's probably like L3 and 8 or something like that. And there's so many different ones. I've gone down the rabbit hole now with peptides and everything else. Lord knows. Do you feel better on them? Or which peptides are you using? Yeah, I do Lycos-C, Glutathione, NAD+, I was on C-Max and now I'm on Atomax for brain health. And then I'm high-dose Triglytide. And Big Web at night. How often are you doing those? Are these like injections? Yeah. I do Glutathione five times a week. I was doing C-Max five times a week. Now I'm doing Atomax. I think we take a break from that after the watch. I just started that. And then NAD, I went from once a week to twice a week. Now I'm kind of doing it three times a week. I'm trying to be careful. Well and some of them I just think they don't... I could see how... Several of them are beneficial for patients that are like big into working out and in the gym and recovery and all that. Okay, let's go. You should do that through the brain. But I do feel like a lot of my patients who have tried them, they're like, I mean, I feel like I was because they're well, yeah, because it's like they're not doing the things that I mean, like that. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm not saying that they don't work or that they're not good. I'm just saying that for my a lot of my patients. I mean, they're just not. I just want my neurotransmitters to unravel. Yeah. Do you do any CoQ10? Yes, I do. But actually, I forgot to put that in the thing. I ran out and I paid them for my wife recently and that wasn't in there, but I do. How much do you do in here? I don't know. I just, maybe the estrogen is looking for me. I can't believe I'm in full postmenopause. I just turned 15 months ago. Yeah, well, and I will say, so a lot of times, and this is why period menopause is just so fun, because we bounce in and out of the holes, you know, and that's why generally we're waiting for 12 months without periods, but when you don't have periods, you don't have, yeah, and so I would, like I said, if you were joining here and we were doing all this, I would draw your labs again, and just, we would draw the FSH when we draw the rest of your hormones, and then we would have more of a trend to say, okay, we've got two or three, yeah, you're for sure, but it really, at the end of the day, it doesn't matter as much because we're going to treat your symptoms, and at one point, you know, the thought was like, you don't need to check estrogen levels, but I check estrogen levels because I know that there's a... Your for certain health benefits and I don't mean to be insensitive on a television show, but I'm like, well, I don't have the hot flushes anymore. And he said you never had hot flushes. And I'm like, well, that's cool. And if you did, I would want to help you with your hot flushes if you did have that going on. But we don't care about the hot flushes. That's what everybody thinks. But at the end of the day, I do it for the cardiac support, the brain health and the vaginal. Like that's why. Those are my three names. And that's an extra good thing. And just personal story, so my mom had quadruple bypass two years ago. She's always had cardiac stuff going on with stents and this and that, whatever. But two, she had a hysterectomy in her early 40s. So not just super young, but you know, and over the years I've looked at her so many times and I've been like, mom, something is eating your brain. Because like we'll have a conversation and I'm like, and then she'll repeat something to somebody else, like 30 minutes later, I'm like, that was not even what we talked about. Or like my sister will call it like, we'll have this planning going on and all of a sudden mom will be like, well, we're doing this on this day. And me and my sister are like, where did she get that from? No, we're not. You know, and like she's, I mean, always been with it, but I'm like, mom, something's eating your brain. Well, now that these studies are coming out about the estrogen, because this is back, you know, when, I mean, the release was just last year when they finally came out and like said, okay, we messed up two and a half decades ago and we shouldn't have told y'all that estrogen caused all these things. And all you women, we've been neglecting and depriving of estrogen because it was going to cause breast cancer or heart attack, strokes and dementia. And we wouldn't But now we're seeing that, you know, that's not true. So now y'all can start having it again. And you know, so that's back when my mom had her, when I was pregnant. So it was always like, take this if you have to, but you should do it so that it's towards my time to get off of it. When really now they're saying the earlier you start it, the better your health outcomes are because you're not going how many ever years post-menopause in the absence of estrogen for the cardiac risk to build up, for your receptors to get down-regulated and all these things. So they're saying starting up to 10 years before you ever go into menopause is the time to be starting. So you're there. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. I love that. But I would definitely start low, go slow, transdermal, as far as estrogen goes, is always my preference. Oral, which is what, you know, they would just give oral tablets. And they're fine if that's like, once again,

Transdermal means shot.

Well, there are some injections, but no, like a patch or like a topical gel daily. Because the oral is going to go through the liver, you're going to have that first pass in the liver. And what that does, that's where our clotting factors are, that's where, you know, blood's made and all that. It's going to stimulate that, that's where cholesterol is made. So we do get some liver stimulation in the fact that it's going to increase what's called our SHBG, which you'll see that when you're looking through the labs here. It's stuck in here with the testosterone or whatever, there's that page. Yeah, it's stuck in here testosterone here, and what that does is it's a protein, it binds hormones. So it's going to bind your sex hormones. So the higher it is, the more of your hormones are locked up and can't be used. So that's why when we're looking at like a total testosterone, yours is at 168, you're like, oh, that's really, really high. But your free testosterone is at 11, which is higher than this over here, than your range, but it's still, you've only got six that's actually free from this SHBG right here. So that's kind of, you know, so going through the liver with the oral estrogen can increase that even more. And so you know that, and that's where you get like an increase in cholesterol. Yep, so I feel like the best, like as far as like potency, normally we'll start with a patch for me. You change them out twice a week. They're really little. You can put it here. You can put it back here. But I do like, it's called Divigel, and I do feel like if a patient is not getting their levels where we want them to with the patch, the Divigel does work better. It comes with 30 little packets. That's your prescription. So each day, you just open a packet, and you put it on your inner thigh, outer thigh. You can put it on the inside of your arm here or back of your thigh. You can put it wherever pretty much. But somewhere that you're going to rub in, let dry, let your body absorb it. And then that's kind of the same story, how you would do a topical testosterone too. And patients who are doing both transdermal testosterone and estrogen, then I usually have them compounded together in one cream. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. Now, a topical will never get your testosterone to where it is. But what I also find with patients that do pellets, a lot of times when they first start getting their pellets, it makes them feel really good. They're like, oh, yes, this is the key. And then after a few times, usually about where you're at, about a year, year and a half in, it's like they don't feel the benefits of it anymore. And they're just kind of like, I don't know, maybe we need to go up. But their levels are like this. And it's like, no, you can't go up. I mean, we don't want you to start growing chest hair or hyperthings. So I call it the roller coaster effect. It's like when you first get it, it's getting on that roller coaster, it feels really good, it's really fun and exciting for our body. And then it's like we're on that roller coaster for a while, and then we have the platform, and we're like, oh, hey, well, we're still up there. Nope, one more time around, okay, that's cool. And then finally at some point it's like, okay, let me off, please. Like I'm ready, I'm done with this, I'm bored with this, I'm done with this, I've been in here too long, you know. And I think that's because we are females and we weren't made to hang out as high for as long and consistently up there like that. We were meant to cycle and two, it's just like, I mean, not to get all philosophical, but it's just like life. You can't have happy if you've never had sad, you know. So you can't have fun if you never go down, you know, that kind of thing. And those pellets keep patients just so high consistently and they never really, they fall, you do drop, and a lot of patients feel that, and they get their next one, but they're not dropping low enough, I guess, maybe is the point. And that's why I would say topicals or injections, which you like injections, so that might be an option. You're already doing other injections. I literally had no injections. I never pumped up a shot. We did the IVF and I didn't even take my shots myself. But I do like testosterone. I think there's going to be more and more data that's coming out about testosterone and brain health and bone health all that's on too. So while we know that keeping estrogen at a certain level, our osteoclasts and blasts respond, there are some studies, there's just not, you know, there's just not a whole lot of it, but there is some data out there about testosterone and helping with brain and bone too. So there's going to be more and more of that. Unfortunately, there's no commercially available testosterone for females. That's why a lot of patients use pellets, you know, that's an all-flavored, compounded, unregulated, but we also do the compounded form of testosterone in the injectables. So more of our patients are probably doing injections than pellets. And then a lot of patients start out on the transdermal.

How often do you do the injections?

Once a week, depending on how patients feel. Sometimes we'll lower the dose a little bit and do twice a week. If that gives them a more consistent, you know, if they're feeling like halfway through the week they're just like refreshing, then we'll back up a little bit and do like twice a week.

Yeah, that sounds very interesting.

But like I said, I would definitely continue to do testosterone. And if pellets are, you know, I would definitely not put a pellet in you right now, like a repeat one. But you're about four weeks out. Usually we check labs about six weeks out, so another two weeks, so you would follow another two weeks before we would typically be checking to see where you're at. So chances are you would fall about where we would want you, which is why ...a lower 100-ish range, 90-ish range, something somewhere in the air, because then you're going another six weeks, because you're going to go 12 weeks every three months. Then you're going to fall more before the next pellet time. So that's one thing. When you're doing pellets and you're looking at these numbers, you're like, oh my gosh, that's so high. Well, that's a peak, though. So four to six weeks is where that number's going to peak. So that's the highest you're getting. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So, I mean, I don't think it's too high. Right now, I think you're probably at a decent level, but two, I don't agree with the philosophy of just increased testosterone, increased testosterone, increased testosterone, because that's not, ultimately that's not a lot of, I think providers started using testosterone in the wake of the estrogen scare. And really perimenopause, it is a dysfunction of the ovaries and it is a problem of estrogen. And when it's like, oh no, estrogen is not safe, we can't use it, what are we going to do to help these patients? Testosterone is all they have. And once they get on that roller coaster and then it's like, okay, we ended up, okay, we ended up, well, that's a lot of times what patients are having more developing symptoms. And they may have started their pellets in earlier perimenopause. Their body's going to change, but testosterone is not, you're not packing any more testosterone. You got to correct the actual thing that has failed now as the estrogen and progesterone. Because I mean, I'll start patients on progesterone a lot of times like early, like I mean, late 30s because it's starting to fail and they're starting to lose sleep, wake up at 3 in the morning, not be able to go to sleep at night. And so many patients, I mean, looking at the data, so many patients Home sleep aids and antidepressants and things like that when it's like, did we want to address the progesterone that was less than one? No, we didn't want to do that first. Okay, just hand out that antidepressant then. Yeah, I have addiction in my family, so I don't like to take anything. I would like to have one half of the day just because I'm better with the paranoia. Like the sleep of things, like I'm not getting anything. I go to school and all that stuff, but if there's anything I can do to help myself, I'll do that. Well, no, I do think melatonin, it is one of the things that does decline. It is helpful for brain health too, not just sleep. So, I mean, if you're tolerating it well and you feel good on it, yeah, keep taking it. I mean, it's something that I want you to make. This is a snack. Yeah, but no, definitely. You will see, so when you're looking at your report here, and I actually was thinking, because for some reason when I uploaded your lab, it didn't put in your iron studies. Don't do that backwards. I feel like I did. Ignore, I'll fix it in here and republish this. I'll send you a text with a link. Yeah, for whatever reason it didn't pull your iron studies, so I just like typed them in, and then it was saying that you were iron overloaded. I was like, I think she's not, but then I just realized I typed in the wrong, I typed those numbers in backwards, so that's why. So you're not iron overloaded. So I was like thinking about that, I was like, you know what, I thought that's what I did, and that's exactly what I did. But anyway, when you're going through your report, this is just your lab, okay, but they have a little bit more explanation a little bit along the way here. Here's that cardiac assessment as far as your ASCVD score that we talked about right here, the point nine, your 30-year risk. And then your advanced lipids are here. The hormone assessment, low progesterone, it flagged that. Metapause, your FSH is 56. And then the transition part, obviously. And did it not put it? Well, you're actually going to be in right at 50. It probably gets flagged for low estrogen, but it's not supposed to. Metabolic health, so your cellular energy actually looks good. That's probably from some of those supplements that you're taking. And then you'll see nutritional guidelines, dietary guidelines here. And it'll tell you why it's recommending them, like what good they're going to do for you, like fatty fish and things like that. You take omega-3. And then supplement recommendations. The berberine, which we didn't really chat much about. Do you do berberine? Okay. Is that like bergamot? No, I think it's different. Well, berberine, I'm pretty sure. I would check. Let me see. Make sure that's you before I say that. I thought your A1c was 5.3, 5.4. Your A1c is 5.4. On here, pre-diabetes is 5.7. My mom was diabetic. Does that make sense? I start looking, I really like more like a lower than 5.3 just because the A1c is the last thing that's going to go up as far as insulin resistance goes, pre-diabetes, diabetes. You're not, nobody. it's gonna go, oh my gosh, you're getting diabetes with a pop of glucose. This is more at a functional level. It's more of a yellow flagging, because these ranges that are on all of these. No, I think I've had a higher instance before. I feel like I was hoping it was under control with my diet. Well, and the barbering should help. Check and see if you're taking that. But you're doing the transpeptide too? Yeah, but it's micro. It's 1.5 micrograms. But I hear that's good for health. Has it caused you to lose any weight? Yeah, I feel like I was kind of on a long journey in the last 10 pounds probably. It's been a while since I've done that. How long has that been? Nine months. I'm wondering if you're weight loss Might correlate more so with your increase in your thyroid medicine. But also, I've never been health conscious before. I'm naturally fat. And I think even when you're tall because you can get away with it, but I have high energy, which helps. But I'm just making a conscious effort now. But I am encouraged when I have good numbers. Well, and all of yours are really good. I was still a little bit in the healthy range. I was like 154. I did. Yeah. Well, let's see. But again, it encourages me to keep going with it. Although, honestly, a lot of people say I need to gain a few pounds. But whenever you do that, it's hard to gain weight. And I'll be honest, though, I'm not a huge fan of intermittent fasting for perimenopausal females. I just, I don't, I don't think that, I understand, like, losing weight and intermittent fasting. It's really good for brain health, like, because it cleans up your dead cells, the autophagy, autophagy. That's fine. It's not for any other purpose. Okay. Just for, like, trying to self-cleanse my bad cells. Okay. And I mean, and I do get that. I think, so, I'm a big believer in having protein within 30 minutes of waking up. Oh. Research that. It sounds like you like to dive off into stuff. So, look into that. Look into specifically, like, perimenopausal and menopausal. and brain too, but like 25 to 30 grams of protein within 30 minutes of waking up. And then maybe it's that you, you know, obviously stop eating earlier in the evening, and that can still allow for the clean out, you know, that kind of thing. There's also like gut health is a big thing for processing hormones and all of that and brain health because ultimately this is connected to our brain through our vagus nerve. I've never had good... You know, like I didn't go easily, not good or bad, but last November I had a colonoscopy and he's like, you were totally cleaned out, you're good, nothing. He said, I got a very good bead, you did a great job of fasting. And I told him that, he said, now's the time to start taking Miralax one capsule a day. And I have, and that's been regular. I remember even being like a teenager and thinking, how do people go through this? Right. Well, and too though, I mean, a lot of people get stressed out if they don't go to the bathroom every day because that's the same thing. And so, it was funny because at Harvard, there was, I'm trying to remember that doctor's name, he specializes in gut health and all of that. He was actually a functional medicine, but he was like, you don't need to be, you actually don't need to be completely cleaned out. That's not natural. But he's like, you also like going to the bathroom every day is like, that's not, it's not, it's not, you don't have to do that. Like you don't have to do that. And so he was a big, big one on like the whole, these enemas and these clean outs and like whatever. And he's like, that's not, you're killing all, you're killing everything. You're killing all the good and the bad. So it takes an effort to not wash with it. Well, and so that's what, with all these like colon cleanses and these detoxes and like all these things that everybody's trending, it's like you're wiping out all microflora, like all of it. That makes sense too. And I'm really sorry that you've been listening so long. I know. This is what it is. This is what we do. Another thing to look at is fermented foods too. I don't know if you've looked into that, but that helps with the gut microbiome, helps decrease inflammation and all that. So that's a big part, you know, and it helps with absorption. And that's a big issue as far as our micronutrients and why we don't have enough of whatever we're putting in, or maybe we're taking a supplement and we're like, our levels still aren't getting there. And that's how many absorption, which happens in the gut. But it sounds like your supplements that you're taking, they're on the right track, so that's good. Any other supplements that you end up adding? My big advocacy moment here is just making sure that they're third-party tested because they're not tested before they go on the shelf, so if they're not third-party tested, a lot of times you're not getting what. Here we stock metagenic supplements. They're just really, really good, and I haven't found any vitamin D that works better than vitamin D, so we keep those in stock for our patients too. Okay, so you do have some supplements here, the CoQ10. Make sure your CoQ10 is at least 300 milligrams. That's the main thing. I do like this one. It's like a little, it's not a gummy. It's kind of a strange texture, but it's like a jelly-chew thing. But you would chew it And then these are the Stay Strong 4-in-1 collagen chews. Those you might be interested in. I would look into those. And then there's another Stay Strong like brain invite, and it's got your collagen and it's got creatine in it. It does have B vitamins, so I would look at all of it before you, you know, make sure you're not overlapping too much if you wanted to try this one. But it's got creatine and the vitamin D and the collagen in it too. But you can take the brain and body and the whole body collagen, you can take both of those together. So you know they're going to have collagen in it. And that's just like a write-up of like an evaluation. Talks a lot about your thyroid, which now we know that makes sense. Like I said, I will re-enter those and then I will resubmit them. I have some information online, but pretty much the way that we work versus like another clinic, like Ovation. So we're a membership-based clinic, so we don't take any insurance. It's $150 a month. That covers any telehealth. That covers, you know, you have direct access to us all the time. So you're just texting if you need anything, but you also get primary care. If you've got a sinus infection or ETI or whatever, you can text them. So we do all of that. We also take care of like referring patients, like, because a lot of patients at this stage are like, I don't want to go back to Jackson Healthcare for a little bit. I don't want to sit there, like, it takes forever, and I understand doctors delivering babies and, you know, whatever, and it's like that, yes, because that's their, that's that phase, like that's that chapter. So we're for the after chapter after that, and so we do pap smears. We send patients to get their mammograms. Anything outside of the clinic, you need your insurance like for a mammogram or your prescriptions or whatever. And then you do get discounts on TOPS and fillers and things like that with the membership. But like- What? TOPS and fillers. Yeah. And then like pellets are $75. Injectable testosterone is $60 and usually lasts about two and a half months. So I mean, it's about the same. It's pretty much, it's like $75 every 30 months if you average it out for whatever you're doing as far as that goes. And then like I said, outside the clinic, if you're doing like topicals, like usually the compounds are about $50 at the pharmacy. We try our best to use some things that are commercially available if we can. Yeah. So that insurance can pay for it, but unfortunately there's no testosterone. Right. So hopefully one day soon. But yeah, and you can just think about it all. You kind of have like a game plan. You can certainly take that to whoever you're seeing already, and whether they'll, you know, follow through with my plan, maybe not, but you can at least advocate for yourself and be like, I really want to do a scanner or whatever, you know. But if you get home and you think about it, you're like, okay, I want to join and whatever, then we can get you set up. You remember she had to send in the medications that we talked about today. Yeah, that sounds really good. Okay, I'm going to dive into it. Yeah, look into it, and then text us. Yeah, just text us when you get started if you want to go that route. But yeah, it's $150 a month, and that covers any kind of communications, appointments, that kind of thing. And then pretty much you're just paying for medications outside of that, labs. And then I'll send you... So once we, like if we were on a pad, generally we're gonna, if we change your testosterone or do something different, usually it's about six to eight weeks after we change something we'll do, and usually it's not all labs again. But we do labs every six months, if not in between, you know, but like every six months we're gonna do labs on patients.
Like this kind of stuff?
Yeah, maybe not all of them, especially like if somebody's cholesterol was not a problem or whatever. But yeah, for the most part we're doing a pretty good set every six months, just depending on patient to patient, but pretty much. And those labs are not included, but we have negotiated with the lab, so we get really good calls from labs, and we just kind of pass those through to our patients. So like that whole set, if we were to do that, would be 150 bucks. But for the most part, we're not running everything all at one time like that, so we could patient by patient. But for the most part, I would say probably about $75 for follow-ups and things like that or less if we're just looking at a vitamin D to see. Those are just individually priced. But what other questions do you have? Anything? I feel better. Okay. But I am excited about that people are coming down to themselves. Yeah, I think that's for sure going to be your missing puzzle piece. Yeah, I agree. I selfishly was hoping to say, oh, your options too high. You're naturally got to cover. But I know that's not reality. Well, but I do think you're on a pretty hefty stack and I don't think you need all of that. I don't know about some of the things I take off of my home. Because for the most part, I mean... But my numbers are better in all fairness. And I think your cholesterol, if it was elevated for, I think a big factor in that. You can get a lot accomplished and you can protect a lot with a GLP-1. Yeah. Oh, yeah, without everything else. Like you can do, I mean, I'm not saying, you know, don't do the rest, but like there are some things that, you know, like the GLP-1 covers a lot, it protects a lot. I would give it to a dog if, and I love her. I love her more than my four children, probably. You know what I mean? Yeah, four? Yeah, four boys. Wow. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. I have two. Six and eight. Okay, well you're right there. I've got 13, 11, 10, and seven. He just turned seven, yeah. And I have a granddaughter. Oh, you do? Okay, that's nice. Yeah. And I have a fourth child. Oh, okay. Yeah, well, my 13-year-old, I feel is grown. And your 13-year-old thinks he's so sweet though. He's so sweet though. But helpful and stuff, he's very nice too. Oh yeah, and he's a little quirky and I mean, he's not into sports. He wanted to have a little chicken farm, so we have chickens. And he tends to chickens every day. In the morning before school and when he gets home from school and he collects the eggs and whatever. See, I would love that. And I just don't know. I opted for chickens versus a rabbit or something. Because they're productive. And you can fill out their food and their water. You can leave them for the season. Yeah. Like it's not like they... They don't need to do that. No. But they don't have to get out and move around like they... They can stay in there too. Now, we have gotten more chickens than we originally started with. And I'm like, no, please. That's good for a chicken. Yeah. But... He does love free-range in the backyard, but for the most part, you could have a coop that's plenty big for them to wander around, especially if you only have a few. We've got nine. They put themselves up at bed, so you can leave the door open to the coop now. We one time had a raccoon in the coop, so that was a problem. So usually right at dark, we make sure that somebody is there to shut the door so that other animals are not getting in the coop. But yeah, when it starts to get dusk outside, they just go march back on home and go up in there. So I live in a new home. Yeah, me too. We did have a decent property, I guess, for neighbors. The key is not to get a rooster. And you can bribe your neighbors with eggs. Because I mean, they're not hurting you. We got five laying chickens right now because I actually ended up with, because you don't know if they're boys or girls at first, ended up with three roosters. So I got to get rid of those guys. Do they make a noise? They do. Well, one of them just started. I don't know if they're living or doing whatever. They don't do that until they're a little bit older. And so one of them just started, so I was like, okay, they got to go. But we get like three to five eggs a day. And I'm sorry I'm not going to have breakfast in the morning. So I'm like, we got to go. Y'all can grab something if you want, but we got to go. Like protein shake or whatever. So we just don't drink that many eggs. So Will, yeah, he's got his little vintage light. They're like almost like a square, but they're a dozen egg carton things. Yeah, they're cardboard or whatever. And so he puts a little sticker on them and has like the date that they were collected. And he's got a little party that sticks on top to tell people how to deal with the fresh eggs. If you don't wash them, you can leave them on the counter. But then you can also leave them unwashed in the fridge and they'll last for months. So he likes to make sure that people know that. So he used to write on a torn piece of paper and stick it in there. So he was kind of these little cards on his side. He'd stick the cards on. They're like, okay, dude, it's time to unload some of these eggs. So I'm like, come on. And take them around the neighborhood and go drop them off.

That's great. How awesome. I mean, he's a great kid.
Yeah, he's like a little man. I swear sometimes he's more mature than me.

That's awesome.
Like that one time I was, well not, like I've only lost my crap one time, but one time. I can't remember, like the car broke down or something. I was just like taking the house, just like losing it. And I was like, why? Y'all can't clean the dishes, y'all can't get any or whatever. And I was like, you got everything, clean the dishes, I'll never forget this place. He's like, mom, I'm not trying to be like ugly to you or anything, but I think you're I've been taking some things out. I was like, because you need some vitamins. So your eyes, thank you. On the poly now. Yeah, so yeah, it's fun though. I like having the chickens. All right, ma'am. Okay. Well, yeah, so the link, you'll set your password and then if you're on your phone, so it's not an actual app, but you can save it to your home screen. It'll make it like an app. Do you know how to do that? Well, and it'll just be on like a little home screen though, and then you can save our. And it should create like a contact for you. But I will text you on that number with a link. I know. No. I'm thinking. You're not from Clinton. You're not from Madison. Maybe we use this number. Your name is coming your name off it, but I have friends. You don't live in like, you know where you live now? Okay, I was thinking. I have friends in Romania, and I've been to some of the parties. In Lake Bede? No. Well, our next door neighbor are the Hyatt's. Okay. Do you know Todd McAlpin? Okay, I'm sorry. We're friends. Owen Mullins? My husband's on that party. On your Facebook, I see. You're too familiar. I know we've met before and I can't figure it out. But the Allens, do you have their Christmas card? Who? The Callens? Mm-mm. And I work in Florida. Where do you work? A management company. We'll figure it out. Thank you.