Hey there. Hi. Hey, how are y'all? Pretty good. Are you the person on the wall? No, I am the artist that painted it, but it actually turned out looking a lot like my sister though. My kids said. When I finished it, my oldest one was like, Mom, that kind of looks like T.T. And I was like, uh, kind of does. Well, how are y'all doing today? Good. I'm glad we made it. I really scheduled an appointment several times. I didn't even know. Like a month later, we made it. Didn't even know. Well, we don't usually get very many selfies up here, so welcome. Welcome. Well, tell me a little bit about what got you over here to us. So, I've bodybuild. Okay. And I'm currently not doing that right now at the moment. Got all my muscles all strong. Probably haven't been taking it consistently since like probably April. I used to see one lady that blamed for women, kind of similar to this. I look at her, she would do all my stuff. Anyway, I just need a doctor. More that can maybe treat me for all the things. Sure. That's what we try to do. We try to do a one-stop shop. It's hard to get to feeling good. And you're having to piecemeal your hair. Of course, somebody's talking to each other. Okay. So how long would you say it's been since your last injection? I mean, consistent injections probably ended in April. Okay. The last one was... I mean, I would do one hit and miss. She had not had one in several weeks before that. Yeah, like at least a month. Okay. Do you know what dose you were on, like milligram-wise? She was doing... So, 50 an eight at whatever, like 60 liters per milligram. Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's right. A vial, am I saying that right? Yeah, it's like 50 milligrams per milliliter. Okay. And I was pulling probably One, I was gonna say units, but I actually did it also. I'm trying to think of...
Was it the 0.1 on the syringe?
The syringe that I used was a three millimeter syringe, and I would pull, no, not, I mean like a tenth of one millimeter.
Like to the little first line?
The very first little line of a three millimeter syringe.
Does 10 milligrams sound about right?
If that's what that is. I'm trying to do the math in my head, but...
So we usually use a one cc syringe, and so it would be like 0.1 of there, but on a three cc,
you're probably going to that very first line, which is hard to tell. It's maybe about 10.
Seriously, it was the slightest little bit I could get in the syringe.
But we were originally supposed to be doing that. twice a week while she was competing in training, and then we kind of slacked off to like once a week for a little while and then eventually got to where we were just... I even think I had some blood work done in February or March. My coach was having me to do my blood work about every three months, and I know that the last time we had it done, my testosterone was even low then. Okay. Do you remember what it was? I just know like about scale. Do you remember what it was within range on that normal scale? Mine was never that way. Mine was never below 100. The past several years... Okay, that's what I was going to say. Y'all have been getting it up above 100 while you were on injections. Okay. In fact, I want to say it stayed like at 120 or 130 is where it typically would stay when she was competing. Okay. Awesome. Low energy, fatigue, that's mainly her symptoms. And I feel like I have symptoms every day of the month. Or something's about to happen after. It's like every single day of the month. Okay. Well, and I know it's been a while since these labs were done on the first of this month. Do you have any idea if you remember as far as the cycle goes? Like if you had just had a cycle or if you were on your cycle? I just started today and I would say this was like day 30-ish. And normally my cycle ranges from say 28 to 32. It is my normal range. We never pass 32 and usually run 28. Occasionally I can have an early cycle, like 25 days. If we're counting day one, that's the day you start the period. What day was that? This is on the first. I used to keep track of all this, but I kind of do it in my head now. I think that was like around day 30. So you might have been on your period? Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to go over all your labs real quick, and we're going to save the hormones for last. Looking at your cardiac workup here, everything looks really good. Your lipid levels look really good. Nothing's elevated. When we put some of these numbers into what's called an ASCBD calculator, it's going to give us a 10-year risk factor. So that's pretty much asking what is this person's likelihood they'll have a cardiovascular event within 10 years. Yours is low. It's like .4. Okay, so that's really good. I do look at a few advanced lipids because these calculators All the studies are done on white men. No offense, but we're not small men. So, they give us a little bit of a baseline, but not the whole picture. Some of the advanced lipids that we look at, one of which is an apolipoprotein B, while our LDL, which is our bad cholesterol that can create the plaques and everything, that's the calculation of the size of these bad particles, like how much cholesterol they can hold. So, it'd be like saying, well, I wonder what the risk of having a wreck out there is on the road. And somebody going, well, the average size of the vehicle out there is a minivan. Okay, well, I mean, I guess I can see how bigger vehicles, maybe we have more wrecks. But can we know how many cars maybe are on the road? And so that's what those lipoprotein B looks at, okay? And yours is good. We want it below 130 if somebody's at low risk. And so yours is a 50. Another one we look at is the lipoprotein A, which is a genetic factor. So that's going to tell us more about thrombotic risk because these guys sit on these bad particles and make them sticky so they can clump together. We want them below 29, yours is at 8. So your cardiac picture looks really good. Even your C-reactive protein, which is an inflammatory marker that also correlates with cardiac risk, we want it below 1 and yours is at 0.2. So very good there. Half the test on that one. Your B12 is pretty good. It's 658. Most patients are going to feel a little bit better if it's like 800, closer to 1000. Your folate looks good, though. And let's see. So you could take a supplement. We do carry the supplements. We carry Metagenix. We do carry some supplements, but I just have not been able to take a supplement. We do carry the supplements. We carry Metagenix. You get 20% off, so we can get y'all hooked up on our Metagenics website and y'all get that same discount on there too, so y'all can shop all of them, but we do try to keep some things, so we do have the B12 complex in stock. Looking at your just blood work, white blood cells, red blood cells look good, your kidneys look good, liver is good, your thyroid, your TSH, that's the stimulating hormone that goes from your brain to the thyroid to tell it to produce thyroid hormone. Your TSH is good, it's at 0.52, so if our thyroid is not responding, that number is going to get higher, okay, not lower. So a lower number, that means that it's actually listening and working, but I do go ahead and draw a T4 just to double check, and your T4 was good, right within the middle of the range there, so perfect. And let's see, your iron All right. These things turn out all sorts of... Okay. Your ferritin is your iron storage. Okay. So that's in our liver. We really want it above 70 because most ladies, a lot of concerns that they have is like, my hair is thinning and I don't know what's going on. Low ferritin, which leads to like iron deficiency, eventually iron deficiency anemia, which you're not anemic. So this is just kind of our ferritin can be low and making our body respond for like years. Okay. Fatigue, hair thinning, like I was mentioning. Sleep disturbances like restless leg. And even when you're exercising, if you find that you're like more winded than normal and you're like, what is going on? And I'm just like out of shape. Like now what is happening? That can be signs of low iron stores. So yours is at 56.8. It's not terrible, but at 50. we're not trying to replace, you know, it's not like yours is a 10. So, we've just got a little road to go. Your vitamin D is at 31.8. Vitamin D plays a huge role in brain fog, cognitive function, energy, just forgetfulness, not like stop in mid-sentence when like, I don't even remember what I was talking about, that kind of stuff. That is a lot of times vitamin D. I think they named it a vitamin before they really studied it because it really is more of a hormone. Hormones actually signal other things to do things and that's what vitamin D does. So I always, well if yours is at 31.8, I really like it to be around 80. So I recommend a 10,000 D3 a day with K2. So whatever supplements y'all decide to go with, the K2 helps with absorption. also helps lower systemic inflammation on its own and things like that. So it's got its own benefit, but it does help to make sure we're absorbing our vitamin D. Your A1C was good. It was at 4.8, so that's great. So insulin, I mean, your ibuprofen control is really good there. Okay, I think we are to the hormones now. So as far as your cycle goes, though, you would say it's pretty regular as far as kind of predictable still? Okay, so your FSH is at 13.2, and I've yet to meet a patient and any of their hormones technically be out of range, okay? But that's because these ranges are just so wide. Like estrogen's normal range is like 12 to 390-something. It's like, sure, okay, just shoot north, whatever. Whatever you are, you're normal. But your FSH is a hormone that goes from your brain to your ovaries to tell your ovaries to ovulate. It's kind of like the thyroid situation. As our ovaries stop listening, that FSH gets higher. It's kind of like you're yelling at your kids to clean their room and they've got headphones on and so you have to get louder and louder and louder. That's what is happening here. Yours is at 13.2. That's premenopausal. Over 25 is where we start. Postmenopause, but you can also bounce in and out of the pause and that's why. We don't have our crazy, but it's something inside of us that's making us do it. Not really our fault. A 13.2 kind of, that gives me a picture that we are definitely perimenopausal because generally, It's going to be like below five, maybe six. When we get over 10, it's like, even though we can kind of go in and out, usually over 10, it's like, okay, we're a period of menopause. Your progesterone also is like less than one, which that's one of the first hormones to go in period of menopause. Progesterone plays a role in our sleep. A lot of patients, when this starts to go, they'll wake up every night at 3 a.m. or something like that. And they're like, I don't understand. It's like clockwork. And that's because progesterone creates a barrier that kind of keeps cortisol. It doesn't modify the cortisol level, but it allows, it's like a buffer between cortisol and like us actually feeling it or responding to it. So cortisol is naturally going to rise between three and four in the morning. And then it's going to drop at nighttime for us to go back. When progesterone is on board, it starts to rise at three, and progesterone is like, "Hush. She's not ready. We're not ready to get up." And he's like, "I don't know. I'm just working. I'm just getting ready." And then at seven or eight, it breaks through that barrier, and we wake up for the day. At nighttime, same thing. It starts to wind down. He goes below that barrier of progesterone, and we go to sleep. In perimenopause, we don't have that barrier anymore, so when cortisol starts to rise like it normally does, we wake up, and we're like, "Why am I awake? What's going on?" And then at nighttime, when we're going to bed, everything's quiet. Normally, we have that barrier, so we don't really notice the cortisol, but without that barrier, that's where patients will feel this wired, tired, where they're tired, they get in the bed, and they're like, "I don't want to solve the world problems right now. I just want to go to sleep." But your mind's just going. So I don't know if you've been experiencing any of that, but that is really... You might need to insert that now. That might matter, sleep, wake it up more often. That could be your progesterone. Also progesterone, like I said, it kind of creates a barrier between cortisol, so that could be, yes, our sleep and wake situation, but also just being irritated by things, like things that you used to tolerate better, or, you know, some people will be like, I got a shorter fuse. For me, I've got four boys, and I'll like make my plate and go to sit at the table, and I'm like, I can hear them. Like, they're not snacking, because we are a non-snacker family, like we're not doing that. But I can like hear, I can still hear them eating. I'm like, okay, let me sip my water, let me sip my water. Okay, I might have to go sit in my car. Might have to go sit in my car to eat. We can still hear them across the whole kitchen, okay? So that kind of stuff like flying off the handle where you're like, yeah, that was a little aggressive. But also, yeah, but also it's like one of those things that's kind of like in our own brains, we see the train wreck coming and we can't stop it. And I will even say I'm like, I know this is going to sound crazy, but it is the way I feel and I'm going to say it anyway. Here we go. Like you know it's crazy, but it just, you can't stop it. Like I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for you. Yep, we're in this together. So progesterone can help with that. Your estrogen was low. At 36. So usually patients are going to feel their best Somewhere over 100, between 100 and 200. And that's usually where we kind of hang out. Now, we might get higher for an ovulation, but... This is a little lower. I've been in the past. I've been close to being estrogen dominant. Like where we've watched it from here for a few years. So this is at the other end of the spectrum. So I went from being almost estrogen dominant to... Does it work the same way in women as men? Like I know that men, for their testosterone, they produce more estrogen. Does that happen for women the same way? It can. There is some conversion. Because as I say, when you were estrogen dominant, when you were... I wasn't on estrogen when you watched it. Right. Well, I'm just saying it was on the outside when you were on testosterone. But one thing though, I really don't love the estrogen dominant thing. It's like a trend. So, estrogen dominant. It's more of a progesterone deficiency is really the issue. It's more of a gap between the two that causes it. So even if your estrogen was like at 120, which would actually be a good estrogen level, but your progesterone is less than one, we still have this wide gap where progesterone normally would be closer to like 10, and that like lowers that gap in between. Ultimately, estrogen and progesterone, we feel better when they're closer together. Progesterone kind of- How close? What are you, what's the goal? Like, what are my lines? Like, so your progesterone's less than one. Where does it need to be? Like, normally when we're just living our best life, in our 20s, let's say, your progesterone's probably somewhere around 10 or 12. Okay. So this is a small scale compared to estrogen's normal, it's higher. But even when we're replacing progesterone because it's shorter acting and you're going to take that at nighttime because it's sedating, helps us sleep and everything, when we draw labs, we're not going to see, like we might see it come up over one, but because it's half-life, we're just not going to see it in the labs. Yeah, so really that's going to go off of your symptoms. If you're sleeping better, if you feel like you're tolerating things better, then the progesterone is working. Now, the estrogen, in perimenopause, our progesterone is the first one that starts to leave because she's like a chill girl. She's like, oh, you want me to go home? Cool, I'm going to go home. We'll go with that. Estrogen is not going to go out without a fight. And that's where we get a lot of our symptoms because we get really, really high spikes, which is probably those times where you were getting those estrogen-dominant labs where your estrogen is really high, and then it falls really abruptly, and so we start doing this without And our symptoms come from when our estrogen drops more so than anything else. And that's when we get the hot flashes. You might notice like your joints are more achy or your teeth might feel like they're falling out of your head. Yeah, for sure. I've noticed that in the last like two weeks and I've never had before. Yeah. And I've had way more hot flashes these last few weeks. And if your estrogen is low, yeah. So a lot of that. Low energy. Yes, testosterone and libido are linked, but estrogen and libido are also linked. So in two, when we're tired, like we just, all right, a nap counts as way better. You know? Like, so there's that. But I will say one thing that a lot of that happens in females more so than men is frozen shoulders. is one big side effect of a low estrogen that patients will go to ortho and they'll do the scans and all the things like, we don't see a tear, we don't see this, you know, whatever, but they'll still go do surgery because they're like, well, it's probably an impingement, we probably just need to like make a little bit more room in there or whatever. They still go to surgery when the whole time it's frozen shoulder, they don't have estrogen. I don't have shoulder, it's my hip. Yeah, it's my hip, it's been killing me for a week.
What about like the tailbone?
Maybe, I mean, yeah, because even teeth,
that's a common thing and that's what I reminded.
It's not like my teeth like cavities, it's like biting.
It's like, I feel like my teeth are gonna fall off my head
and just a real life story.
So my partner, he used to go across the street
and get the testosterone and all the things
before we But he was going over there, and he woke up and his shoulder was messed up. And I'm like, what did you do? He's like, I guess I'm just getting old. I don't know. Like, I literally didn't do anything. But I can't buckle my seatbelt. I can't turn the lamp off. Like, I just, I don't know. So we go to ortho. We go to two different orthopedic surgeons. They do steroid injections. They do old scans. Same story. Like, we don't see a tear, but when we go in there, you know, whatever. But it could be a six-week recovery. It could be a six-month recovery because we really don't know what we're going to do yet. And then we get some other kind of injections, all this kind of stuff. One day he walks in, and he's like, my teeth hurt. And I was like, I got a dentist. And he was like, no, it's like, like, it hurts my bite. Like, my teeth are going to fall out of my head. And I was like, we don't have a lab. And he was on two different estrogen blockers, being on testosterone. And his estrogen was less than five. Didn't even register. And so... blockers, his estrogen came back up, you know, 15 years later, whatever for men. Never had another shoulder problem again. And we were about to go to surgery, so that just shows you now. I told him, I looked at him and I was like, welcome to menopause. Like, aren't you glad you're not a female? Because that, we just go through that and we're just told to like suck it up, let her come. Like, it just is what it is. But that just shows you how estrogen can affect joints and all that. I've been telling him all my joints have been hurting. I've never had like any kind of illness. Last month, I've just noticed more aching. Testosterone also can help with joint pain and all of that too. We've got some patients that like arthritis, they're like, the testosterone, like I may or may not have more energy, more sex drive, but like my hands don't hurt. You know, and so even at that, so it could be that you're feeling it more So because you have the new testosterone, but ultimately estrogen is a big, big player here. But estrogen also, I tell patients, because some of them, they're like, I mean, I don't have hot flashes anymore, like we're good. I'm like, I don't mean to be insensitive and I would love to fix your hot flashes if that was the problem. But the reason that I advocate for estrogen is for the cardiac health. Estrogen receptors are found everywhere in our body, but in our vasculature, it's what keeps our vessels compliant and dilated versus stricter. So that's why cardiovascular events are the number one killer in females, postmenopause, because all of a sudden it's like we lose our estrogen and our vessels clamp down. But even in the brain, they really, it's what drives insulin resistancy in all the cells, but especially the brain. So what they're seeing is in the absence of estrogen on scans. Brain is significant and decrease in mass because without estrogen the cells are not taking in the glucose that they need for the energy. So they have to metabolize something for energy so they start metabolizing white matter. It's pretty much your brain feeding itself. So that's why women like, I mean I remember looking at my mom going, Mom, I swear something is eating your brain. Like that is not the conversation we had or I can't believe you did this or whatever. And she was never treated with estrogen. But I'm like, oh, something is eating your brain. It's your brain feeding itself. Your testosterone actually, I mean, I wouldn't say it's like, it's definitely not optimal here in these labs, but it's not like just the lowest we see. I don't know how to do this page. Let's see. Yeah, your total testosterone is 36 on here. And your free testosterone was at four, which is what we really look at. The free testosterone is what we can actually use because the sex hormone binding globulin will have everything out. It can be too low or it can be too high. You kind of have to watch that because you could have a total testosterone of 100 and your free testosterone of 30. And so it's like saying, well, yeah, I have a million dollars. Well, I only got 20 in my pocket. The other is like tied up at the bank. Like I can't really get to that for five years. You know, it's like, can't spend it. But at the end of the day, I do think, so you have not had a hysterectomy? No, I have double female organs. Tell me more. I have a bifurcated uterus. I'll just say, like, I did not see that in the intake form. I have a bifurcated uterus. Okay. I think it's like a self stuff. That's two. And then I have double cervix as well. Okay. I have double opening to the cervix too. Each cervix has a... I have that, what do you call it, septum, right? Because he went in there and burned the septum out. So you have one now, or are you still up to? One canal down to where he removed it. Gotcha. And then it split. I have two canals down where he removed the septum. No, I mean it's just one. One opening now and then it split. And then it split. Yeah. It was two separate years. But I think I only have one ovary on each side. We never did some extensive testing, but from what he could see, I had all C-sections. I carried all normal. On both sides. Yeah, both sides worked. So both. Like at the same time? No, I've already done it. I was like, we're going to be twins? I was in so much pain, worse pain than going into labor. I thought I'm dying, something's wrong. I think keeping up with all that, we did a follow-up appointment, actually like a month ago, and everything's good now. So Pap smear, everything's normal. We got all that done a couple months, we had to, I had my breast exam last year, just got those results back, everything's normal. Perfect. So the main thing about, and the reason I was asking about if you have our reports or not, so when we do treat with estrogen though, we do have to have progesterone on board, because just normally we have estrogen and progesterone, like I said, we're happier when both are going, both are at their normal levels. But progesterone's job is to keep our uterus lying thin. So if we didn't have that and we're just using exogenous estrogen, then it's laying down the lining of the uterus, like it always will, always has, but there's nothing to make it, to keep it thin, so then you get an increased risk of any... So, in patients that still have their parts, we have to use progesterone, okay? All that to say, I don't like to just start multiple hormones at one time. You've already been on testosterone. If you want to get back on testosterone, that's fine. You know how you're going to feel on it. Would you just recommend same dose, which I was doing? So, usually what we do is, well, most of our ladies are doing once a week. If you were going to do twice a week, I would probably do more like seven milligrams twice a week versus doing a once a week where normally we're doing like 10 milligrams for our ladies. Yeah. So, it's kind of up to you. Now, the only reason that we typically, and this hasn't obviously, I don't know if there's an effect as far as like bodybuilding goes, but when we're splitting up doses and doing twice a week for our ladies, it's because sometimes they'll feel that downturn the dosing that or the concentration that I prefer is 20 milligrams per milliliter versus the 50. So it's more volume that you're injecting. It's kind of closer to what We're probably closer to what men inject if you're doing testosterone. Say like, whereas y'all's concentration is 200 milligrams per milliliter and y'all may be doing like 0.5, 0.6, or 1 cc. So the fluid does make a difference, I feel like, for absorption. It's like the more you're putting in, it's like there's more to absorb. So with the 20, you're going to draw it like a 10 milligrams, you're going to draw it like 0.5. So you're giving a whole half a cc and I feel like you're not losing most of it in like inside the needle. You know what I mean?
Right, but I know she has taken some forms of testosterone where we could just do it on insulin needle.
Yeah, was it, and that's what I was, so with it being more fluid, I prefer it in the muscle. Yeah, like smaller amounts, doing it sub-q, that makes sense just for absorption, but having more fluid and really Okay, just to go create like irritation and things like that too. As far as your progesterone and estrogen, I would start the progesterone. I'll send in those for you, but go ahead and start the progesterone and give it a week or two just to see how you're gonna feel on it. This is the natural progesterone that we normally make. It's not like a synthetic, that's in like a birth control or anything like that. But some patients, it can take a minute for their body to get used to it again. What I mean by that, so we're gonna wanna take it about 30 to 45 minutes before bed. It should make you sleepy and help you go to sleep, help you stay asleep. Sometimes it can be a little strong at first for patients. So they might have this like hangover effect during the day. That usually resolves over a week or two. It's just their body is just used to having a hormone on board again. Some patients who don't respond as quickly to the progesterone, maybe they take it 30 or 45 minutes before bed, but it doesn't knock them out or anything like that. Sometimes those patients, it's like it takes their body a little bit longer to respond, so naturally they're going to have that hangover effect because it didn't get started until later. Those patients generally do better moving their dose a little bit earlier in the evening. I don't have very many of those patients. Mainly I'm going through all these scenarios just so that you know if you do have any kind of side effects. I don't remember what she said to do about this, but I do remember she said that there are all these different things that can happen. Let me text her and see before we just throw it all in the garbage. A lot of patients will start at the 100 milligrams, that's what I usually start with, and they're going to go, I mean, Okay, go ahead and go up to 200 milligrams, and that's usually like the magic dose for most patients. Some patients, especially ones who, you know, they're like dealing with agitation and that kind of thing, and now they'll start taking it and they're like, okay, well, that went the opposite direction we wanted it to because now I'm even more enraged. And those patients, kind of counterintuitive, but they should go up on their dose too because it's like we're teasing their brain. Their brain's like, either give it to me or don't, but I'm tired of this little game. Okay, so just know there's some just nuances and some tricks to progesterone. Either way, we're going up. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, pretty much. Because we do have to have at least 100 milligrams for the uterine protection. Now, I have less than a handful of patients, but some that just, they do not like the way they feel on the natural progesterone. I would love to have a new treatment. And I can't just have the robotic laparoscopic because that machine only works on one. Yeah. So the organs together, they're taking up more space in there than just a single, right? Are they both the same size, like a natural normal size? No, it would be safe to assume that there's more. Okay, and I want to have it, but my doctor, he's retiring tomorrow, but he had just kind of referred me to the lady at the EOC that's over the female cancer doctor. Anyway, that's who I will go to see because she may be able to perform the surgery. Even though the system is not designed to... I'm not just getting rid of all of it because I feel crazy. I thought that would help. You know all the things. My most on cycles are worse. Like I have a double cycle. And that is totally like a conversation for you and whoever's going to be doing the surgery, whether it's the best option for you, best quality of life for you. But do keep in mind that when we do hysterectomy, one of my things to really like weigh out is the fact that you are removing something that is a space holder. That's why I was asking about like if it's even bigger than just a one, a single. Because what you do... If all the organs are intricately placed, and what we do see is more incontinence, more bladder issues because there's not them holding the bladder up anymore. So do keep that in mind.

I feel like if I could get my hormones and all right, just so I could feel normal.

Yeah.

We talked about an ablation.

Yeah, ablation.

Potentially, if the other doctor could do it.

Oh, if she could offer it and do it.

Potentially do it.

Why couldn't they do an ablation?

Same thing. The system that's designed to do those is not designed...

Oh, because we don't have a human doing it.

Correct.

All right, with the brain.

Yeah.

Okay.

Got you.

I'm like, I don't understand why we can't do two. Okay, I got you.

And so the way that, my understanding is the way that the clamps and all go and like hold the cervix open, well, it's not designed to be on two cervixes. Yeah, to be on one, calibrating pretty much on the team. So it was like, we can't do the blaming either. But potentially this doctor, Dr. Woolley is the one that referred us to this other lady, and I can't remember her name either. She could potentially be able to do that if that was something that we wanted to do. Really just to control her cycle because it's so heavy. And I have no idea, but I just wonder, I mean, could you do like an IED, like one on each one? I think we talked about that. I think we had rolled out. Nothing was an option unless this doctor that she was confiding in that had I think supposedly done one, had one client before in her history, but she never found it. I know. I saw her recently on social media and I was like, got her, I took a picture of her. I don't remember because I'm already forgotten now. Another thing that... so, and I know at this age like nobody wants to do birth control, but there is a fourth generation birth control, progesterone-only birth control that I... it's not like, oh, nobody needed it, would I just recommend it for them, obviously, but it is something I like because it doesn't mess with like the estrogen as much because usually what you're looking at with oral contraceptives is they shut down the ovaries altogether and they're giving a synthetic estrogen, synthetic progesterone, and it just... we can't... and two, they're not the right form of the hormones to make us feel good and stop hot flashes and things like that, but this particular progestin, it's called... like it's only available as a birth control. Otherwise, I would just prescribe it like we do, you know, our menopausal synthetic progestins, but anyways, it's called SLIND and... With my ladies in perimenopause, we'll put them on that sometimes for cycle control. You still can take the progesterone, the micronized progesterone, because they're two totally different things. And the progesterone is what we need for like our mood and just sleep and whatever, so you can still do that. But this is more for cycle control. I have noticed that my cycles are not as long anymore, and they're really not as heavy. I mean, sometimes they're barely— When we were first having that. And I think that's getting every month, like it's getting shorter. And it will. I mean, and you do have to like— Her name is Mildred Ridgway. Ridgway, okay. And it says she is over cancer and research institute. At UMC? Oncologist or whatever, oncologist. Okay. But if the cycles, you know, and you're like, hey, let's not do a surgery, if you wanted to try something like that, so it is in the pack, like a normal birth control, so it does have like the placebo pills, you know, where normally you have a period, just don't take those. You just take it continuously. So this might be an option out of a tank that would not have to take the progesterone. Well, you could. So it's not really going to help. But it does provide uterine protection and it can help with cycle control and all that. I'm more symptomatic now. I will have symptoms for like seven, five or seven days before I even have a lot of bleeding. That's what drives me crazy. Well, and what's going to more so fix that, like the hot flashes and energy and all that, is going to be the estrogen. And estrogen, I don't like an oral estrogen. It still goes through the liver. While the studies look scary as far as cardiovascular events, honestly it does increase the risk, but it's like we're talking maybe 4 to 5 out of 1,000 women a year that have an increased risk of cardiovascular events on oral estrogen. But transdermal, it's zero. It does not raise the risk at all, so I do like that better, whether it's a patch, which you change twice a week, or you can do a topical cream or gel. And then you can do an injection, but I mean, I don't know. I like the transdermal. Most patients, they really like the patches because it's just they put it on, they change it twice a week. You put it anywhere? You just put it like on your lower abdomen, you put it on your backside here, and you just each time you change it, every three or four days, you just rotate where you're putting it. It's pretty easy. But I would like to see more trend in your labs to just see because now it doesn't really matter. 36 is low. 36, most patients are going to be symptomatic at 36.

I mean, I'll take a shot with an injection with a bottle in it.

Okay. You do that because you're already doing the others.

I'm not.

Now, I will say the only commercially available estrogen is going to come in like this. It's too much. It's like us getting the man testosterone. It's like, thank you for the 10 years worth. It's going to lose its efficacy in a few months, but I'm glad you're bringing enough for an army. So, but that's what it is. It's for like fertility and things like that where they're like not just menopausal medicine. So just know, we're sending it in. We're going to have to refill it before you'll ever use probably even half of it, but it will lose I'm working with a compound pharmacy to try to get them to mirror our testosterone with the estrogen so that it's like we're not the same kind and that makes it so convenient for everybody, but we're not there yet. Also, then it can be in charge of running the world. I'm so sorry to everybody. I'm just like, one of the questions is that like the registry time, does that affect any of this? Because like we're on a Megan side, which is Reta plus, I don't know what it is, but it's a peptide. Yeah, not really. And as long as you're getting it, I mean, I know it's great market, but as long as you're getting it from a reputable manufacturing source. I mean, I can't prescribe the very market stuff, but I'm ready for the actual Reta to be out, but it won't be out until next year. I'm just more so, so my brother-in-law, he's got stage four pancreatic cancer, and he's doing really well, but I've been trying to get his oncologist to put him back on trisepatide, because it's the only thing that we have available as far as, you know, for him to take, but because of the studies that come out with the rituximab as far as being the decreased pancreatic tumors and things like that, even better than some of these new immunotherapies that they're coming out with, and I'm like, put him on, and she's like, no, there's no data. I'm like, oh my God, I hear no data all the time. Like women in testosterone, no data. It's like we actually make it. We make the stuff. Like we make the hormones. Who is it? Dan Kogan. Y'all from here? Pearl. Pearl. He went to Mari. But he's 62. Okay, I'm going to give you all of this page. So you'll have your hard copy of your labs. This is like my personal report that I do, a repeat of all the labs and just kind of a little bit more about them. But you'll see your cardiac assessment here. This is those advanced lipids that we went over. Your hormone pattern, so the low testosterone, perimenopause because of the FSH, low estrogen. Perimenopause, yep. I blame everything on perimenopause. Oh, I forgot. Perimenopause. Your mitochondrial fort, it's lower, I mean, but there is just because of the vitamin D and things like that, micronutrients, making sure that we get all that up so that your cells can create energy that we need. Nutritional goals. This is just some dietary recommendations and it kind of tells you why, according to your labs, that it's recommending those. And then these are the supplements that were pulled from your labs. So the Estrovera, it's a really neat supplement. I never wanted to carry supplements because I never wanted to be a supplement pusher. So we only carry the ones that I for sure recommend. But this is actually a specific type of rhubarb that stimulates the estrogen receptors. So if we start using the estrogen, you're still cycling. I don't want to just pound estrogen in because you're probably going to have some high spikes just naturally and all that. So this Estrovera can really fill the gap if we're still having vasomotor symptoms, if the low dose of estrogen doesn't help or doesn't solve the whole problem. It's like, yeah, I'm a little bit better, but still having some breakthrough symptoms that Estrovera can kind of protect. The vitamin D that we talked about, then we've got this, I know one thing I wanted to ask. It looks like you were on Cipro for a few rounds, antibiotic. Yes. What was going on with that? Was that UTI? Yeah, I had several in a couple of months. Are you still on that? No, he gave me something that I can take. Like a preventative. Like a preventative. Macrobid. Is that an antibiotic? I've taken Macrobid before. This is something like, I can just take it like a preventative. But like if we're going out of town, we travel a good bit, and I mean, like there's a week that's off, like everyone sits in the room. And then like my body just, yeah, my body is so sensitive to things. So lack of water, like all these things contribute to me having a UTI. The next step is trying to fix it, but I'll take it two or three times a month. Who's prescribing it? What doctor is he? He is a guy at home. There's also genitourinary syndrome of menopause that happens. Genitourinary syndrome of menopause. Pretty much it is lack of estrogen at the vaginal tissues. Estrogen changes our microbiome, so it throws off our pH. So we could get more UTIs in that environment, but more times than not, because when you did your cultures, did they come back as UTIs or was it like... The last six to eight months I was pretty regularly. Yeah. Never had them. And a lot of times patients get stuff in that and to the point where they'll do like a UA in the doctor's office and they're like, well, you know, it doesn't say, you know, any bacteria, but we're gonna put you for UTI anyways. We're just gonna treat it because obviously, you know, you made it this long in life and you know what a UTI is. Well, what's really happening is the syndrome where we get spasms, we get even like the texture of our vulva and stuff will change. It thins, the tissue thins, we get more chafing or patients will even say like when they're wiping even. It's like, I mean, all I was doing was wiping with toilet paper and now I feel like I like have a rip inside there. Yeah, okay. I was like, yes, yes. Or wearing tight, you know, biker shorts and something just one sentence just right and I feel like I have. It feels like a right touch. That's all part of it, okay? So this is, unfortunately, this is why we're so complex. The systemic estrogen generally is not going to be enough to get down to the tissue level. So most of our patients, you're going to be on systemic estrogen and vaginal estrogen. It can be a cream. If that like grosses you out, because I know everyone's a little bit different, there are like little tablets. Now, if you're experiencing like severe vaginal dryness, then these little tablets, I don't recommend them at first because it's like putting a tablet in the desert and expecting it to somehow dissolve. There's something to dissolve it, you know? So it'll just sit in there. So doing a cream at first to kind of get everything back restored, and then you can go to a tablet, which you would do it twice a week. It comes in, I don't know if you've ever done a monistat or whatever, but it's like a little applicator that looks like a tampon. So, let's say we start off with something, actually, it feels better in a month. Yeah, you should. Alright, this is a husband question. This is TMI, so I'm just going to... If you're using the vaginal estrogen, are you going to get any vaginal estrogen? No. Okay, well, the answer was no, but okay. I don't know if that could be a question. Using the vaginal estrogen and then having sex, if you're going to get a transfer of the vaginal estrogen. I don't think about that. Is it going to taste different? No. That's what I... Now, if she had just put it on, yes, but no. If anything, it should restore everything back. So, do I take it like in the morning or something? Like, I'll put the cream on every certain time, or do you just do it before bed? Most of the time, I just do it before bed, because I'll put it on and then, like... for two and a half decades now, since the WHR, which is the biggest study on women's health ever done to date, that is where it came out that estrogen was going to kill everybody. It's going to cause breast cancer, dementia, heart attacks. Nobody's got, no women, if they have, if they just want to stop lining, put them on the estrogen for the shortest amount of time, at the lowest dose, and then get them off of it before they turn 60, or they're going to die. Okay, that's what's the story. That's why estrogen had a black box warning, okay, for years. Black box is like wear gloves or it's going to eat your arm off. So estrogen had black box warnings. Well, two and a half decades ago, they finally last year came back and retracted what they had said. They took the black box warning off of the estrogen packages. They said, oh, well, no, actually, they went back to the same study, okay? Nothing changed. Same data, same study. It's just like, oh, somebody actually read the thing. They saw a decreased risk of breast cancer, decreased cardiovascular events, and decreased dementia plus the osteoporosis protection, okay? So all this, so women have been suffering for 25 years, okay? But I say that to say, in the meantime, I believe. What happened was the only thing that people could be treated with without entering this taboo of estrogen was testosterone. In perimenopause, only about 20% of our testosterone is made by our ovaries. Your ovaries are still working, but only 20% is made by our ovaries. It naturally is going to start to decline, our testosterone is, in our 30s, just like men. So we're naturally declining just like men. When women hit perimenopause and their ovaries are still working, we didn't just have this abrupt removal of testosterone. Because it's still trending, it's still going, nothing abrupt has happened. But what has abruptly happened is our estrogen and our progesterone. That's an abrupt change. I don't know what's happened, but I just all the time feel like I hit a wall. I'm not myself anymore. I've got a problem and I don't know what it is. I don't know if I need a psychiatrist or just move me straight to the straitjacket. I don't know what I need. But I'm not myself, a little crazy. Everybody thinks I'm crazy, and I'm just there. But it wasn't because we had this abrupt tanking of our testosterone because we don't have that. Even women full in menopause still have more testosterone than they will estrogen. So all I can say, yes, you have testosterone receptors at the vaginal level too, but the main thing is this genitourinary syndrome of menopause, and it's an estrogen thing. Say that one more time. I'm never going to say it. Genitourinary, so like gynecology and urology, urinary syndrome of menopause. But now most people will. And what's even more sad is that older women, like in nursing homes, they'll die from urosepsis, from like a UTI. A lot of, that's what's happening with my grandmother. My grandmother tends to be really sick and has this disease and has things called chagrin where your body quits producing salivary and nutrition and all that. Anyway, but what she suffers the most from is almost every month she ends up with a UTI and ends up in the hospital now. And you know what can prevent it? A $12 tube of estrogen can literally save lives and prevent urosepsis in the elderly. But nobody just, I think when everybody turns 40, it should just be like on auto, auto refill, auto draft, whatever. And I tell patients like start doing this twice a week and never stop. Don't stop, like take it to the pearly gates with you and ask if it's got to let you in with it, okay?
Yeah, like don't stop. Why are you going to stop, you know what I mean? And not to mention, we replace everything, like our eyes go bad, we're going to put glasses on, our vitamin D is low, we're going to replace it. Everything, we're going to replace. But hormones, especially for females, we're like, oh well, top flashes are done, so I guess I don't need that. It's like, okay. So let's talk about next steps. So the way that your program works, we join.
Yes, it's $150 a month. That does cover any kind of office visits, telehealth visits, communications, whatever. Hey, I'm sick, I've got a runny nose.
You get primary care.
I'll get that.
You'll hear it from me.
Hopefully not. I'm going to send you to the vaginal estrogen. And I still have two refills, but I'm telling you it works. I'll send it to the pharmacy, and it gets mailed to your house. I don't know if that's how it was before with the 50 milligram per milliliter one that you'll have or not. For the testosterone? OK. So the testosterone is going to come, and it will have 10 milligrams. If we're doing 10 milligrams, it will have 10 injections worth in there. So usually, we touch base every eight weeks or so, like virtually. It could be a text message. If you've got other stuff going on, it would be a full on virtual appointment where you come in. But about every eight weeks, and then that way, that gives you time to send in that refill so that you're not missing. I'm sorry, but the testosterone comes with the... No, so it's $60, but we send it to the pharmacy, and it gets mailed to you. You don't have to pay that pharmacy for it. That's per month? It's 10 weeks long. Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever the prescription. Yeah, per prescription. And then you'll have health insurance. So the rest of everything, now the estrogen is questionable. If we're going to do injections, if it is something astronomical at the pharmacy or your insurance doesn't cover it or something. The other option you said is like a patch. Yeah, we can switch it if it's just like an option. Okay, well we'll try that. And so far, the patch is small. But we can do the injections, that's fine. You're going to do the injections. It would be easier to do a patch. It would be easier to do a patch. We can start with a patch. We'll start with a patch. Okay. Otherwise, I mean, you don't want to put the estrogen and testosterone in the same syringe, so it will be two injections if we go that route. But, yeah, okay. It may be true. All these little symptoms that I'm having are the same. I feel like I breathe easier and I feel like it's safe to work more. Does that make sense? Like your recovery is less? So in here, one thing that I do recommend, and I haven't seen your labs, I don't really need to see your labs, you should take this too. CoQ10, are y'all familiar with CoQ10? Y'all take that already? Okay, so 300 milligrams of CoQ10 is like a game changer, especially working out and stuff. Now, when you're researching it, 100 milligrams, 200 milligrams, you're going to see a lot of muscle recovery and exercise marketing there. 300 milligrams is going to be labeled for cardiac protection because it does, what they've seen in studies is it does reduce cardiovascular events in patients in heart failure. But it is a coenzyme, it works at the mitochondrial level, so at the cellular level for boosting the energy for high energy cells like our heart, so that's why that works. But also muscle recovery and just, like you were saying, I'm sore longer. That can really help. So I would definitely try that. Do you all take creatine? No, I haven't. Taking creatine helps, especially for the brain and all of that. We do have now, these are new, so like new, Metagenics just came out with them, so I haven't had enough time to like dive in and use them myself and have patients set up so that they can tell a huge difference. Because we can, yes, like patients will, when they're out, they're like, well, if we're out here, they're like, well, what am I supposed to do? I'm like, well, the boy's just ordered it, but it's coming, it's coming, it's on the boat, okay? But there are some new collagen supplements that Metagenics just came out with. One is the Statural Brain and Body. has your four different collagens, a little bit of B vitamins, and it's got some collagen. That's a good idea. And this one has it, and it also has the creatine in it, the five milligrams of creatine, so it's all in like one, and it's flavorless. So you can put it in whatever. And you can look through all of these. I never want somebody to just go, okay, yeah, it's giving me all of these in one. It'll just shock our whole system. But you can add these as you research and as you want to. Another one that's good is this Ultraflora Night Rest and Digest. It's a postbiotic. So you can take it with any kind of prebiotic that you're taking or anything like that, because it's not really the same. But what this is doing is restoring the gut lining, because as we age, as our estrogen gets low, it affects what's called the estroblome, which is pretty much in the microbiome of our gut, and it can cause permeability where we get leaky gut and things like Our gut health is super important because like our vagus nerve, it goes from our brain, it goes all the way through our whole body. Most nerves are in the spinal column. This one's not. It goes straight through the gut. And it's a straight shot back up to our brain. So I always, just a visual person, I always think of like, okay, if we have like a dumpster smoldering in our gut, it's able to just travel straight on up and then create more brain fog and more cognitive impairments too. So restoring that, making sure our gut health is good. But that's pretty much all the supplements that were recommended here. Not to say that there's not like omega fish oils. I recommend that for everybody. 1000 to 2000 milligrams of omega fish oils forever and ever. Amen. So, but you're going to get all this. All of that is great. Do you have highlighted like when we leave here today? Yes. What do we need? Yeah. You're going to pick up You are going to pick up the stuff from the pharmacy, the progesterone and estrogen. If you decide you want to do that blend for the bleeding control, the birth control blend, let me know. But like I said, you can still take your progesterone for sleep and mood and all that. This would strictly be if you wanted to try something to control the cycles and less of the bleeding. Now I will say this progesterone does keep the lungs very, very thin. One thing you might experience when you start it is that your cycles may get heavier at first, but it's kind of like walking into a hoarder's house, hoarder, not hoarder's house, sorry, I just ran that together, a hoarder's house, and you're like, oh, oh, we have to clean this out, and there's just a lot to clean out before it's happy with how thin it is, okay? It's like, I thought you said this was going to control my periods, but I'm bleeding like a stuck pig. And it's like, well, you need to give it a few cycles because it's on a time frame. It's like, you're telling me I only have three days to clean this house out? Like, that's never going to work. You know? And so, it's just trying to do its job, but it's kind of an inconvenience at first. Okay? Just be prepared for that if you decide to do that. I'm going to send in the Micronized Progesterone to your pharmacy, and I'll go ahead. You start on the patch. Trial patch. And all this going to iron original pharmacy? Yeah, the only thing that's going to go to the compound pharmacy is going to be testosterone. Okay? Will we pick that up today, too? The testosterone is going to get mailed to your house. Oh, you're mailing it. They're pretty quick. What's today? Today's Wednesday. It may get to you by Friday. They're usually pretty quick. Let's see. I'm just asking this clarifying question. Placement of the patch. Like, I already know what she's thinking. It can go low. And if you want to do an injection, we can do an injection. I'm just going to clarify, but it's okay to get that. Yeah. The vitamin B. I was just going to do the injection. Don't worry about that. I just want you to. Why don't we do the injection? That's what I want you to do in the first place. Let's just do that. I already do two shots. Let's just do that. One more shot. Let's do that. I just want you to ask all the questions. Let's go back to our original. We'll do the injection. We're going to get a half a gallon. Right. Pretty much. And then the vitamin B is the other main monthly granule. B12 was borderline-ish, it was 658, so you can do some B12. All these were low years ago, with my other doctor. The iron, the vitamin. Yeah, your ferritin was right at borderline-ish. B12, all that. And I'll hear, it just says 5,000, just because yours was right over the cusp of 30. I'll go ahead and just do the 10,000, and when we recheck your labs, if you're getting too high, then you can drop it down to a few times a week, or something like that, or drop it down to five. So you, we're buying these from you? Yeah, we have these here. So you can pick those up. I will send you a link for your online portal, okay? And it's pretty much like this, but digital, okay? So you can go back, and you can look at all this. You can look at the dietary recommendations, you can click on it, it generates like recipes and things. It has a way you can track your cycles and your mood, and all that stuff. And they are thinking if you can see me for whatever illness, whatever sickness, do you do any kind of action? Do you do pap tests? Do you do that here? We do pap tests. We do everything but 10 mammograms. Yeah, well, yeah, I put in the order, but we don't have a mammogram. We have a few patients that have their daughters as members here too, just because most of them are like headed off to college and they're like, we're gonna do this because y'all can do the telehealth and it's somebody that she's gonna trust and she'll talk to and take care of her instead of her having to go to the students, whatever, union doctor or whatever. She's got, it was easier. But yeah, we do pap smears. It might be even new for us, both being here. I mean, she would like you, you've never been, this is our first time. So yeah, just gonna ask about that to your nervousness. She's got two years old And I will say, so we have a lot of like husbands and wives, you know, downstairs in the clinic and up here. And new care. And new care too. New care, you can get a family membership in new care, which is just primary care, but it capped out at $250. So what we have kind of done is like if there's like a duo, it could be you and her, it could be you and you and you, whatever, then we get the $25 discount to where they're capping out at the $250. So if she wants to join, then it would be $125, $125, and it capped out at $250. They do have to join to get the benefits. So they will yearly exam, and then whatever else, if she has sickness or anything. Sickness. And we do, I mean, all the way down to like managing like Adderall prescriptions and things like that. I wanted to ask about that. I wanted to ask about Adderall and the difference. I feel like I'm all over the place as it is. So, like, what do you do to test for that? So, I can't test you for it, but what you can do is you can go to like Jackson Psych, Carrie Golston. Golston over there is really good. She's really like that and y'all like her. But she can test you for it. She'll prescribe, you know, whatever. And then once you've got the diagnosis or whatever, then I can manage it. So then you don't have to pay for her appointments anymore. You just have your... Her office is at Township. Like behind Silver Shine. In that little strip, but it's upstairs. And what about Zofran? I feel like I get very nauseous around this time of the month. And I have more than normal. My sister has had some, so I've taken a couple here and there and it helps tremendously. I feel like I need a prescription. Yeah, we can do that. That's right. I get more nauseous now more than I have in the past. Like, for seven to 10 days before and after, that's like that. Well, hopefully that'll settle down once we get some air. So that would be like the nauseous feeling that would be part of all those things. I feel like I'm nauseous. Okay, patients, I have patients talk them out like they're like, my ears itch. It literally is like low estrogen. It's the skin, like you get like allergies, like eczema breakout. I mean, literally so many things are related to estrogen fluctuating, but more so the depth than there. Yeah, yeah. Lovely. One more question. You mentioned a while ago, you had a question or if you needed something, text me. Obviously, you don't hand out your number. Well, it does go straight to my cell phone. And we, me, myself, Brittany, I mean, some patients, we know that. We might see a message on a Friday that was sent after we closed at noon on Friday, and we might text them back at nine o'clock, you know, and be like, hey, yeah, we'll get that sent in, whatever, you know, or Saturday or whatever. So it does go to our cell phone, but that little QR code, it will save, it'll create a contact with our number, make sure you scroll to the bottom and actually like create a contact, but that goes straight to us. You can call it, you can text it, you can upload pictures to it, you know, anything like that. And then this portal, the ClinAxia portal, it'll go to your email, but I'll also text you a link. That link, you'll just create your password, and then I'll send a second text that has like to access it in the future, like the actual URL and how to save it to your home screen so it's kind of like an app. And that's where like all your labs will go. If you're looking for so when you look at your labs, it'll be like this digitally. But if you're actually looking for the hard copy from the lab, you can go to your account settings and they'll be down there too. Okay. So I'm going to go and let Brittany know we're getting started so that you can do your membership agreement and everything. And I will pull the stuff that you're getting from here. I'm going to send in the stuff to your regular pharmacy. It will be. Let me know if the injectable estrogen is an issue with insurance. I'm going to wait until next Tuesday to start. Because she's on her cycle now? Yeah. Yeah. We're not going to worry about the cycle because the cycle is going to be erratic. It's going to get probably more erratic. It's going to get less and less. And you might it might stop for seven months. And then you might go, oh, I guess I'm going to have a period today. So 12 months without a period, that's when we say, okay. Menopause. Okay. But then what? And then we just up the hormones even more. We just keep doing what we do. That's what I'm like. So right now, we're like just full of menopause. What's the point of keeping your organs at that point? You know what I mean? Most women have had it all. Other than the placeholder, that is really the only thing. Because I was like, I'm done. I have four kids. I'm not having another child. Like this factory is done. Like just take off the organs. But it is a placeholder. And I've just seen so many women like, you know, having a bladder sling or they have the incontinence thing where they're not peeing on every day and they can't exercise and jump and whatever. Yeah, I hear a lot of that. And a lot of women, it can happen with your uterus. My best friend, she had to have a fetal hysterectomy like 12 years ago. It has everything you can think of that's been wrong with her, and it's constantly something with her. I don't want to be there. It's always something.

Yeah, it is. But right now, while our ovaries are still working, we're just kind of assisting, giving a little bit. We're giving a little buffer with the estrogen so that we're not plummeting so low and hopefully mediating some of those side effects. And then as the ovaries start to decline, we kind of just, the ovaries are going down and we're going to kind of go like this so that we keep you hopefully level.

What age do you typically see that happen?

What? Actual menopause? Around 52 is kind of the average age for people at 52, but it can start, I mean, perimenopause can start in the 30s. It can last a decade, a decade and a half. It's like the fun, you know, once you pop, it don't stop. Well, you let me know if you have any other questions. What we will do is plan to do follow-up labs in about six to eight weeks, okay? Just to see, make sure you're absorbing the hormones, make sure they're out good, make sure the level's good, and we're just going to go from there, okay? But we are here. This is a forever evolving system that we have inside of our body, so we'll keep managing it. Oh, if there is an issue with the estrogen, though, we can send it through the HRT plug, which is an online pharmacy. It's kind of like almost like a Costco, like you pay an annual membership for therapy, for the pharmacy, but they do have better means. So far, the patients that are doing it, they don't have issues with it, but if they're like, oh, yes, this estrogen is going to be $800 or something like that, which I don't think you just never know. Just one more quick explanation, just to make sure I get this right. So, we're getting cream, we're doing that twice a week, we're getting testosterone, we're doing that once a week, we're getting estrogen once a week, and then whatever supplements. And the progesterone is going to be every night. That's going to be a capsule. Every night. And then the vitamin D is going to be every day. And the hemogenics, you're getting from here too, that's the iron supplement. And then the B12. The CoQ10. The CoQ10 is every day too. What about vitamin D? Yeah, it's here. I said that first. I'm going to pull all those and have it up there for you. Welcome to the rest of your life. This is just fun. Welcome to the rest of your life. That's right. That's right. It's nice of us. Exactly. Okay, well it was very nice to meet y'all.