Hi, how are you? Good. Well, how are we feeling? Doing okay today. My period is not bad. Okay, so it's not still going and it's later this time? Good, maybe it was just a change in your hormones. Yeah, I just didn't know if, because I knew mine changed from the patch. And I didn't know, you know, like, do you have like two pads and a little bit of soreness? No, and actually, let's see, let me pull up here. No, so you're actually doing pretty good. In May, your estrogen was at like 53-ish, but now it's at 75. So it's actually absorbing better. And then that gel, it does seem, even though it's a lower dose than your patch, it just absorbs better than those patches do.

And that makes sense, but my levels are doing up to 5 today because, like I said, I was just like, nothing's gonna happen.

Now, a lot of times it's like it needs the fat to actually absorb, you know what I mean? Like, I know, because I thought, you know, years ago, I'm thinking, it's thinner, it's gonna get in there easier, but not really. It needs something to help it travel, so it needs more tissue underneath it.

But other than that, like your labs actually are looking pretty good. So I'm glad to hear that that cycle did not last, because I was like, okay, I don't know, you know. It takes a long time for those IUDs to level out and everything, and so that was just more like a normal period, and then hopefully it's going to start to get less and less and less. So that's good. So are you feeling energized? Are you feeling pretty good though? I feel better. I told Brittany the last time that I saw her that I feel like things are really starting to come together. It does take time, I realize. I think I've been coming here now. And you know, it's not just hormones. There's lots of things going on. But I do feel like as a whole, things are coming together, and I finally started to actually, I can tell that I feel better. Could I have more energy? Yes. But I also should probably be exercising more. You know, there are some things that I need to work on, and sleep, that's one thing that I... That's super important. How was your sleep? It was kind of okay until here lately. That's one thing too, I have been having night sweats, I feel like since I started the gel, and waking, you know. Are you still taking the progesterone at night? Are you taking one or two? Two. Two, okay. And I was reading, like some people said they had to, I mean, of course everybody's different, so I was thinking about trying to under it. Well, and that may be, so progesterone can be a little hot for some patients. You can try that, but we can also increase your estrogen. Okay. We've got you at that. Yeah, yeah, so let's decide on one and let's make that change. With your estrogen at 75, I'm happy with that because I know we're getting bone protection, but you could feel better, more energy, and all that, and better sleep, and control heart rate. So one thing is that your SHBG, which is your sex hormone binding globulin, is a little low. And it plays a role in a bunch of different things. One thing that we worry about is when it gets way too high, it's not enough sex hormone. But also, if it's too low, then that's another problem. And a lot of times that comes from like insulin resistance, that plays a big role in our liver, which is where it's produced and all that kind of thing. What dose are you on? Are you still, are you doing the GOP one still? What dose are you on? Of the Triceptop? 2.1. Okay. Have we talked about metformin before? So metformin is an oral type 2 diabetes medication. That's what it was designed for. And that's what the Triceptop was designed for, diabetics as well. But it works in a different way, and it can help with the insulin resistance, and it kind of works hand in hand sometimes with the GOP ones. It reduces systemic inflammation. It's overall a pretty good medication, and it's, I mean, 100 years old probably. You know, I mean, it's been around forever. We could, so the main side effect of it is GI upset. But we're not treating type 2 diabetes with it, so it's not like we're going to have to get you on this super high dose. I would like to just try a low dose and just see if that may help with that insulin resistance. See just enough, and it may trigger and allow you to lose more weight and then get that SHBG up. And it's all about balancing this metabolic system here. I have seen some stuff online, but it was connecting the hair loss, the sleep issues, to the insulin resistance. There was a thing that you said that I was like, okay, I read that thing and all these other symptoms I'm having, it's had to be that. Well, insulin resistance is like a driver of so many things. But ultimately, what is happening is like, okay, we think high blood sugar, okay, high sugar, glucose in the blood, right, for diabetics. But insulin resistance in somebody who doesn't have diabetes, what that looks like more so, it's like their glucose isn't necessarily, it's not like off the charts, it's not super high, but what we're doing is the body is seeing that, ooh, there's still like, the cells are not letting in the glucose like I want it to, you know? Like it needs to, we're not getting enough glucose in the cell for like our energy that we need. So it triggers the body to send more insulin because insulin is what opens the door for the glucose. It's what like knocks and the cell's like, oh yeah, hey, insulin opens up and then the glucose runs in. Well, it's like the insulin is knocking and the cell's not opening the door. Glucose isn't going anywhere, and over time, that builds up, builds up, builds up, and then we get this increased A1C, and then we get into diabetes and all of that. But the problem, see it with like PCOS and a lot of things, is that insulin in the blood, it's not the sugar in the blood that's our problem right now, it's the insulin in the blood. It is irritating to a lot of things. And so that hyperinsulinemia is more of a problem at this stage than looking at glucose, sugar in the blood, because it's not that. It's that our body is trying to, it sees that we need more energy, we need more glucose in those cells. It's not, yeah, the cells just aren't working. When you say it's irritating, is there any correlation with like histamine response? Because I have mast cells. So yes, it's all kind of driven together. And I think they probably aren't good together. That's right. Because it does, in some resistance to you, it's going to increase your systemic inflammation. It will. And it's just one of these smoldering things. Because insurance is only looking at an A1C. Well, meanwhile, now your A1C has improved from 5.5, I think the last time it was 5.1. So that's good. I really like it when you're at 5. But I think trying a little bit of a GLP-1 now, if you get one of the jump in the back, I mean, I definitely want it. But there's also some, what supplements are you taking right now? Are we doing Omega officials? How many do you want? Yes. Official Omega. I mean, you don't manage anything at all. E vitamins. E vitamins. Multiple vitamins. Omega, magnesium, iron. In your protein tins. So there's also berberine, and you can research it. We talked about that last time. And it helps with insulin resistance as well. So we carry that. It's in my genetics as well. Yeah, there's some really good data on it and research coming out about it. So, I mean, you could certainly do both. Should we just try one? We can. Let's increase our estrogen, okay? And then you tell me if you want to start with the berberine or if you want to start with the Legosa. Let's try berberine. Would we be able to tell relatively? Well, nothing's really fast, you know, and especially like... I say we increase our estrogen, we can start the barbarine, and we can redraw labs in, I mean, let's say two months and see how you're feeling or whatever. Do you think metformin would be a better choice between them? I think you'd see results quicker with it. I'm fine with that. Let's try the metformin first. Let's just try the metformin. And then you can always add in the barbarine. Because barbarine's got research that it doesn't do anything to kill, it's just going to aid. You'll see, and I did send you, I'm going to send you the link to your portal. I just don't know how you made it through without me sending it to you. I probably did, and then I think that probably, you know. That's okay. Well, I just published all of your labs to it, because I was like, oh my gosh, I have not sent this to her yet. But you'll see in your write-up from these, the barbarine, the omega-3s, if you're not on a pre-protein But that one helps, and it helps with weight loss because acromegaly also helps support our body's natural GLP-1 too. And I have had semaglutide for a while. I, in 2020, started seeing Madison chiropractic. And then they did that old white test, so it's been for a couple of years. It finally started feeling better. What I didn't like about going over there was, you know, he does like the tinctures or whatever, all those, they're like herbal stuff or whatever. Well, I didn't know it, but if they're like permanent alcohol, so it would be like, I have to keep some of this and keep some of this. And it tasted terrible, and I'd chase it with like something else awful. And the first time, a couple times I took it, it came right back up and I just threw it up. And I told him that I thought it was like taking shots of Yeager Meister. I'm wrong. Yeah, you're like, I can't do it here. And when he was the last one, they were like, I'm scared. Well, so there is a lot behind the fermented foods, so looking up some high-fib snap diet, you know, but it doesn't have to be that. It's just like, people are eating like sauerkraut, you know, but that's not anybody's favorite thing. But that's what I'm thinking, like, there's like, get this now, sauerkraut, you know. But looking at some fermented foods for GI health, that we don't have to do at all, you know, like there's easier ways, more tolerant ways. Yeah, for sure.
Okay, great. Well, I'm going to send in the new estrogen, I'll send them one of those metformin, and then I'm sure you probably might need a refill on the progesterone. And let's see if that can help the hot flashes, okay? After a few weeks, if you're like, nope, these hot flashes are still coming in the middle of the night or whatever, sleep is still ugh, let's go back, you can go down to 100 of the progesterone. I bet increasing the estrogen is going to help because I think when you started coming here, yeah, your estrogen was 124. The very first estrogen I had, well that was from September but you might have some more in there, but it was 124. So it wasn't that great. Yeah, so your body might be like, let me have a little bit more. So we're getting there. Okay, and then after we'll take a break. Is it powder? I'll put that out for you and then the other one was the berberine that we were going to hold off on, right? Yeah, and just see how that goes. I mean, I guess we could add it in. Yeah, you can get it in. In a few days, you know, start the metformin, make sure you don't have any kind of GI, you know, mainly it's a GI, but a lot of patients who are on They usually are okay with it. They're like, I got over that. I had some nausea then, but with tirzepatide, I really haven't had any issues. Now, sometimes I do have these, I don't know if I'm going to call it a spell, but like the other day, I was trying to drink the drink really fast so that we could get a bite in. I got the brain freeze. As soon as I got that, I got dizzy, and all I did was have to sit down. Of course, then I started getting one, and I kind of... I think that's probably like a vagal nerve. Is that what you're saying? I think that's probably a vagal nerve stimulation, because men, they can stimulate their vagus nerve like when they like bare down or like get latched on. Okay, yeah, I'm going to keep doing that and then I'll just... Have you been receiving them all at home? So what we've been doing since we switched pharmacies, it will have to be sent to your house anyways, but most of our patients have been fine drawing it up themselves if you want to. But that'll be 10 weeks worth in the vial with the return dose and everything. It's like, I mean, yeah, this new pharmacy, because the problem we were having with the old one is the concentration of it, it was like so much and it would expire or go bad before a patient would even make it through the vial. That's why we're having them bring it up here and then we would kind of like just draw everybody out of the tank and just go for a long since they're not expiring. But this pharmacy, they are doing the lower concentration for us, so it's 10 weeks worth for the female dosing. It's been perfect. So they probably will reach out to you because they need a copy of your driver's license. We should have one on file. I've been emailing it to them. I don't know if they still call or not, but it's $60. We charge it through here, but I think as long as they have your driver's license on file, they should just email it to you. And they're pretty quick too, so I'll go ahead and make sure you got that sent. And let's see the 200 progesterone, but you can drop down 100 if that's to get an increase so it's not hot flashes at night. And we'll start providing some foreman. And then if we address the insulin resistance, doesn't that tie in with the cortisol? That's what's waking me up. Well, that can be progesterone too. But yeah, your body ultimately balancing out. Yeah, and I'm not working right now, so I'm trying to take the time. Another thing that really helps is right after you eat in the evening, is walking for 30 minutes. That's something that's super easy. Yeah, but that's just a small thing that really does make a big difference. And then as far as exercising goes, resistance training is what I recommend, and it's something you can do. You can do it in the gym, but you can do it at home, too. You can use your own body weight as far as like squats go, and planks, or using the bands. Yeah, I mean, all of that. Those are easy things that, you know. And those are relatively easy, just like in the living room. If I'm watching TV, I can just get on the floor and do something. Right, and something that's not like, because I have to do my dancing cardio. I think I've run one mile my whole entire life, and I've never done it again. I was like, okay, well, nope. turnout is pain, it's a mile away from where we live, and he will do three miles. You can have that. Same girl. It's not happening over near either. Okay, and then we'll do, why don't we do, so I'll have to send in a new refill of your testosterone in 10 weeks. I have two left. Okay, so that'll be perfect because it'll come probably next week. I mean, it may come this week, but you can just hold on to it. Okay, well then that works out. Why don't we do like 12 weeks? See how you're doing, maybe some adjustments if you want to come in with a new lab. And if at any point you're like, hey, I don't want to do any more labs, you can let me know. But I feel like a lot of patients like to see them more frequently, see what they're doing, especially in one time So why don't we plan, you know, three months? We can do some just quick hormone labs and just see, make sure that estrogen is... As long as you're, you know, unless you... Eight weeks in, you're like, hey, I'm all right, you know, or whatever. Or if it's three months, you're like, everything is really good, I don't feel like the last day, I'm gonna keep doing what I'm doing, then we can push it back, we can do it six months. But let's go ahead and just schedule on the books three months for labs, but you'll be back in once a month too for those. So we'll line that up, but okay, perfect.