Hey, girl. Hey! Sorry. We just got back from the beach yesterday, and it's like a Monday. I went to start your thing, and it was like, "You must reinstall Zoom." I was like, "Cool, cool, cool." Yeah, we could've. Well, okay, so I know we've talked a little bit. It was great. It was so good. We went down... Well, Todd said, maybe I'm aware. Did y'all used to have a condo down there? So I think we were a little bit past where y'all are, because he pointed out where he thought y'all's was. Was y'all's like, you kind of took a little veer? Yes. Okay, that's what he said. He was like, "Actually, I think that might be it." Yeah, okay, so we were... So we were over that little like lagoon pass or whatever, and so there were no hirazes or anything like that, it was just like houses, so even us going before, that was like, oh my gosh, this might have been a bad idea, but it was like nobody on beach, so that was good. I know, it was good, and having my niece has her little baby, and so this was her first time down at the beach, so being able to just like to go up to the house instead of like doing the whole pack out for the whole week, you know, whole day and everything at the beach, it was nice, and the boys could just, whenever they got up, they could come, if they didn't want to go, they didn't have to, like, don't care. Yeah, that's right. Okay, so I know we talked a little bit, you've been doing the Osivic, right? I was on the lowest dose of Osivic 0.25 from the beginning of October through The only thing that's really come down to for me is probably money because I'm presently unemployed. How did I miss that the other night at dinner? Or did it happen after dinner? After dinner? Or was that before dinner, before we had dinner? Oh, I did it in March. Oh, okay. Maybe that's why. I think I didn't know that. But I guess I just felt like you've been doing stuff, though. Okay. I've been working for them. And then I sold a bunch of houses in spring. I got my real estate license. I just stopped doing my salary job, my property launch job. That's right. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha. I've got the boys, so we came back in town. And then so early this morning, they had dentist appointments. So I'm like, okay, I didn't plan this well. And I certainly didn't plan how to get y'all... Because the dentist office is right behind my office. So I'm like, I didn't plan how to get y'all from here back home. So y'all are just gonna have to... So I have like a little one. He's like, mama, mama, no, no, no. Okay, so... Well, I'll text you. Because I just need to know what I can do, how much it's going to cost. I think based on my experience with those epic, I think I could do every other week and just do a minimum. Like a maintenance plan. Yes. Okay. Well, and we can do, let me look at the prices. My brain hasn't had to cut back on yet. So we have it set up for like maintenance patients that are not really, they're not really actively like losing, losing weight. So we're not like hydrating your medications up and everything. But it still can be the once a week. But I was trying to look to see where we end up being with that. Yeah, it'll be... So, I'm gonna... Move this around a little bit. I go down the hallways. Okay, so let me do this real quick. Oh, please. How are you? Okay, I can probably afford that. So, just keep that in there, but I will go over your labs real quick. And then, just because we're going to go over like everything, because with your membership, I mean, if we're doing hormones, whatever, like anything medication-wise, you pick that up at the pharmacy. So, your insurance pays for it. The only thing that insurance won't pay for for women, because we're just second class citizens, I guess, is testosterone. Usually it's about $50 at the compound pharmacy. But okay, so overall your labs look really good. Your cholesterol, like I said, I listen to all these too. So your LDL, which is your bad guy, is your bad cholesterol. It's a little elevated. Your non-HDL, which I think we talked about that. Did you say yours is normally elevated? At your other doctor's offices? Yeah. Okay. And it's not terrible. Your total cholesterol is below 200. Your triglycerides are fine. But what we do is we put some of these numbers in what's called an ASCVD calculator. So it's going to tell us like a 10-year cardiovascular risk. Yours came back at 0.9, which is low. So that's good. And all of this is going to be in your report. You'll have to break it down like cardio and whatever. The only thing, so I did look at some advanced lipids. Your LDL, which everybody's always looking at, is a measurement of volume, like how much these problematic particles can carry, like how fat they are, and they think, okay, that tells us the likelihood of having a wreck, you know, like how big the vehicle is, but there's another protein marker that's apolipoprotein B, and it actually tells us how many problematic particles we have, so it's like how many cars are on the street versus what the average size of the vehicle is. That one is good. It's at 88. We want it below 120 for somebody low risk, so you're just good there. Now, the next one, do you have family history of cardiovascular, any heart attacks, stroke? Yeah, my dad did heart failure. Okay, okay, and then, did I see in your intake, do you have peripheral, some peripheral re-diseases? I don't know what peripheral artery disease is. Okay, or peripheral vascular. Well, you might have actually checked it on your form. So you do not have any kind of vascular disease? No, well, I probably checked it because I didn't know. I had a whole lot of severe pain business across the road from your office. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay, no, that's good. Okay, well, maybe that's all right. You checked the right box. Okay. So there's another marker that I look at. It's called lipoprotein A. Now, this is telling us more about. So we've got like these problematic particles that tend to embed into the artery walls, create those plaques that you always hear about, that create blockage. This particular little protein is one that sits on top of those bad guys. They can cause like thrombotic risks, like strokes and things like that. Yours is elevated, which this is a genetic marker too. So it's while it's not, we don't target to treat this lipoprotein A because it's more genetic, but what we use that for is to make sure that we are keeping the modifiable factors, so like that LDL, the apolipoprotein B, we're keeping those controlled since we know that this is kind of in the background. But all that to say, I don't recommend a medication right now for you or anything like that, but one thing that I recommend for almost, I'd say probably 95% of our patients, especially the ones that are over 35, a high quality omega-facial every day, omega-3 facials, 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams a day. And then a coq- CoQ10 is a coenzyme, so that helps with cellular recovery and energy production at the cellular level. And just thinking about like, we always hear recovery as far as like workout muscular recovery, but at the end of the day, our cells in general, like our heart is muscle, like it has to have recovery too. So CoQ10 is good. That's its gain, is recovery, cell recovery. So the 300 milligrams is what's been studied as far as cardiovascular health goes. And so I recommend that for everybody. We do carry these at the clinic and you do get 20% off with your membership. So keep that in mind. If you do just go shopping online, just make sure that your brand is third party tested because supplements are not tested before they're put on the shelves. So making sure that third party tested is important. So moving along with your labs. Your B12 is pretty borderline. It's a 341. I always recommend getting it up to like around 800. So a B12 supplement there. That helps with energy, helps with like just neurological function, things like that, your nerves. Well, hang on, we'll get there. With your hormones. Yeah. Your general blood count, blood work looks good, white blood cells look good, no anemia. Liver and kidneys look good, your thyroid, your TSH looks good. So no thyroid disease or anything like that. Your A1c, that's, you know, That covers the first month's membership. Your A1c, that's your three-month screenshot of your blood sugar control, and it's good. It's a 5.2, not pre-diabetic. Your iron stores, they're at 60.5, which technically isn't deficient, but if you were experiencing like hair loss, getting more winded than usual, anything like that, getting that above 70 is kind of like our marker. That's your iron storage, so that is what carries oxygen and all that in your blood, is iron, so getting that above 70. But you can get that from red meat. You can get it in your diet. There'll be some dietary recommendations. You could also take a supplement as well. Okay, now I think, oh no, one more. Your vitamin D is very low and that is huge for brain fog, memory, like you find yourself going, I can't think of the word that I was just about to say, you know that kind of thing. That is, which is probably why you're getting told that you have dementia. But your vitamin D is huge for that and energy, just like I said, just that brain, that fogginess and all that. Getting that up to 80, between 80 and 100 is kind of the goal. So I would recommend doing either 5,000 to 10,000 units of vitamin D a day to replace that and then we can look at, with your next lab set, we can look at if we need to change it for maintenance. But that's one of those things that just women really just need. Because a lot of terms, they'll take it for a little bit or they might get a prescription sent in for like 12 weeks and then they take it and they think, okay, well, I did that. This is one of those things that just needs to be ongoing. And of course, it does help with your bone. It didn't really work. Right. No, and that's what everybody's like, well, you know, it's been, you know, just, you know, it's in the fall. They're like, well, I'll go out in the sun in the summer. I'm like, that's not going to get it up there. Okay. Now, as far as your hormones go, you had hysterectomy, right? Okay. Total hysterectomy? Okay. Well, they are no longer working. So if you're wondering, and we know that by looking at your FSH, that's the signaling hormone that gets from your brain to your brain. So as our ovaries start to stop working, that signal kind of builds up because our ovaries aren't listening anymore. So it's just kind of piling up. So your FSH is above 90. Once it gets over 25, that's when we're like, okay, we might be getting into menopause. So you're just at 92. So those ovaries are not working anymore. Which along with that is there's nothing crazy with your hormones, but your estrogen is low, obviously. Your progesterone is also really low. So some things that go along with that. Progesterone is like our sleep. It can help with our dealing with stress. Like if you find yourself more agitated or just not being able to tolerate things like, oh my gosh, I don't know why I just feel a handle about that, you know, that kind of thing. A lot of times that's a progesterone thing. Estrogen, I really like to get it past 55 for our bones. Our brain health and all that cardiovascular protection. So I do recommend starting some estrogen on you. Insurance should pay for that. Okay, I have some and I have a prescription from my OB. Do you? Yeah, she gave it. Okay. Now, so you just haven't been wearing it? No, I just haven't been wearing it. You said that mono for it didn't work and I was like, oh, that's interesting. Because I almost felt like when I wore the patch I overcooled. What were your symptoms when you were near the patch? Okay, so before I was having like the hip pain when I sleep. You know, when you're riding a little bit in the car, then you flip over. And then with that... I started wearing the patch around Christmas, and I don't know. I just didn't like it. I felt like it was just too much. And then I stopped wearing it. I mean, I've probably only worn it for two to four weeks, and then I stopped wearing it. I haven't had that one issue. Did you say nothing? So my hot flashes, I have had my hot flashes twice. And so I thought, well, I guess I'm just not going through menopause. Well, and a lot of times you will experience those hot flashes more in a transition phase. And so, yes, I recommend hormone therapy to help with those symptoms. But mainly my goal is for the cardiac protection and the bone protection. Because estrogen plays a big role in—it's like a driving force as far as our cells responding to insulin and taking in the glucose that they need to function. So insulin resistance tends to increase as we lose our estrogen, and that's a big player in our brain because our brain cells, they want glucose. That's what they want to function on. And so we need to keep that estrogen up so that they can function properly. And there are studies that show the cardiovascular protection that estrogen possesses as far as keeping our vessels flexible, malleable, things like that, and keeping our lipids in control. So now one thing that may—so you never took a progesterone, like a pill, it would have been a pill you take at night with your patch? Yes. Okay. Just a patch. Oh, hang on. That might be...

I didn't like... it's like pelvic vaginal discharge and I was like, okay, I don't want that. It's a hysterectomy. Once a week or once every two weeks, keep it plugged in. I just haven't even thought about it since January or February because I hadn't really felt like you needed it. Yeah, I needed it. Yeah, and it could be that you weren't, so a lot of OBGYNs, and this is kind of like an old, I say older, there's just newer information now that a lot of them don't keep up with, but usually when you have a hysterectomy, they would not prescribe progesterone because the thought was progesterone is only needed to protect the uterine lining when you're treating with estrogen. What they're finding now is that progesterone actually has its own like neurological benefits. So sometimes if you're treating with estrogen and we don't have that progesterone to kind of offset it, it can, you know, we have to have balance. Our brain likes balance. So sometimes that could be the problem. Now... Did you feel like the patch was inconvenient or anything like that, or did you like the patch? Do you remember what dose you were on by chance? I don't remember, but I can look it up. I know that when I went to Aaron's over there and they said he needed my bladder sling, and when I had the bladder sling, he also said that I had a rectus seal. He surgically fixed that, and then I went to him after that because I had a UTI or a kidney infection or something after that. Anyway, long story short, I went to him after that. I'm sorry, like this was not good for me. So after that, I went on a regular appointment and I was telling her about my bow inserts. She said, oh, well. Yeah, well, those vaginal inserts are actually a local thing. Like I said, they just treat the local tissue, so those are not going to do anything for your actual blood levels, your cardiac protection, brain, bone. Like those are just for the vaginal tissues anyways. But besides just the messiness of the inserts, did you have any negative vaginal disorders like discharge and all that kind of stuff like that? He was, he's a citizen. He was trying to still be on that. And I said, Lucy, I was losing my finger. He was like, well, I mean, you're just going through menopause. And I was like, no, no, my system is on fire. I'm dying. And so anyway, all that to say is that they called me 10 days later and were like, oh, we tested for her and you have a UTI. I was like, OK, thank you. Right. Been having this body for how many years now? I think I know. Right. And so, yeah, I mean, so I just kind of dismissed the whole insert thing because the whole process wasn't good. Yeah. And then KJ was like, don't go back to him. Yeah, no. He's good at what he does as far as the surgery part of it. He was like, but not the rest. Yeah. Well, so most of the time what I'm doing is I use the patch a lot. I say we try it again and let me know if you experience any more of those symptoms, but I can send in some progesterone. How's your sleep at night? Do you wake up at three in the morning every night? Yeah. Well, we can also, if you want to just try the patch again by itself first, that's fine. But I'll go ahead and send you in some progesterone and just see if maybe that will offset, you know, the symptoms that you're having with the estrogen. But you'll take it at nighttime about 30 minutes before bed. Because it typically is going to be sedating, not like a sleep aid, really, I mean, not like a true sleep medication. But most patients are like, ooh, yes, it helps me get to sleep and I get the best sleep on it. Now, just some caveats about, because this is the bioidentical, the micronized progesterone, so it's not like what's in like a birth control pill or anything like that. Sometimes it does It should be help you go to sleep, it should be sedating, help you stay asleep. Sometimes in the first two weeks when your body's adjusting, you might have a little daytime grogginess. It should wear off. If it doesn't, let me know because there are some adjustments we can make. But if you find yourself almost more agitated feeling on it, let me know that too because some patients we need to increase their dose. It's like it's teasing their brain a little bit. And so a lot of times patients are like, oh, I don't like that, I feel like I should just stop it. But really, they need to go up. And most patients, because one I send in is 100 milligram capsule, I send in 60 of them because most patients end up going up to the 200 for the sleep. Like that's just kind of the magic, seems to be the magic number. Some patients like the 100 better if they experience that daytime grogginess or whatever. If you find yourself almost more agitated feeling on it, let me know that too because some patients we need to increase their dose. It's like it's teasing their brain a little bit. And so a lot of times patients are like, oh, I don't like that, I feel like I should just stop it. But really, they need to go up. And most patients, because one I send in is 100 milligram capsule, I send in 60 of them because most patients end up going up to the 200 for the sleep. Like that's just kind of the magic, seems to be the magic number. Some patients like the 100 better if they experience that daytime grogginess or whatever. I only have less than a handful of patients that that 100 milligrams is still too much for them, and at that point we go a compounded route where they, I mean, I send it to like service drugs in town or whatever, but it's just that we find like that magic dose for them. But all that to say, give it at least two weeks. Yeah, just send me a text letting me know what you were on so that I know, because I can send you in refills or if it's like you're at the highest dose, it's like, well, why don't we start a little bit lower and work our way up or something? So just let me know about that. And then the only other thing, your testosterone, it's not like, oh my gosh, your testosterone is low, but it is low, and you would benefit from testosterone therapy. But I say, I never like to just start too many things at one time. Let's see if we can get the patch reincorporated and see how you do with the progesterone. If you're having symptoms like low energy, low libido, motivation, you know, all that kind of stuff, that's a testosterone thing. What we can do is I can actually have your testosterone and your estrogen compounded in the same. It's a topical, like you put it on each day, but it's like, I'll put mine like right here and rub it in like that every morning. So I can compound them both together. So it's like one step. But let's get these going. Yeah, once we know if you're going to tolerate the estrogen again and all that, kind of what dose you're looking at, I can kind of convert that and mix it in with this testosterone. So it gives me a little bit more to go. And then you just have the one cream and then you have the one pill at night. But it's not a bad cream. Yeah, I'm with you on that. Okay, so I'm going to send you over this. your portal. Go to your app, create a password or whatever. It's not a technical app, but you can go down to the little share button and hit save to home screen, and it'll put it on your home screen like an app. Then when you log in there, you'll be able to see, it'll say labs, and you'll go to this particular one. When you open that, it'll have all your recommendations there. But you'll see on there the CoQ10, the Omega officials, the vitamin D. It's going to say 5,000. You can do 5,000 every day. We also have the 10,000 unit. If you want to do more of a loading dose, then we'll retest and see where you're at with that. Now, as far as getting back on the GLP-1s for maintenance and metabolic support, we can definitely do that. We do the compounded semaglutide, so that's the compounded version of the Ozempic. Ours is compounded with L-carnitine, which also helps with metabolic support for weight loss too, so it has that little extra, so you might notice that it works better. But what we do there is you just come in and every four weeks we do a quick little weigh-in and you pick up your next four injections. So unless something changes, we would just keep you on your maintenance dose and you just do it the 0.25 once a week. No history of thyroid, any other thyroid cancer or anything like that in your family? And then no pancreatitis in your history, medical history? Perfect. And then, let's see, I'm going to put on here a green alert, just crazy. For your medical history. Okay, and your mother had mitral valve prolapse too? Have you ever had a calcium score screen done? It would have been for the heart. Okay, well I'm also, I don't know what happened to my old parts. I'm going to send you a little information thing. This is a calcium score screening. It's offered right over here in the little Baptist building. It's $99. You and Jim should just go have it done. But it does like a, pretty much it's a CT scan of the heart. It's non-invasive though. And it's going to look at any kind of blockage like currently. So we look at those scores to also kind of assess like if we need medicine or anything like that. I don't think at this point you do, but obviously if that came back like you had blockage currently then we would. But I recommend that in all patients over 45 really. So I say it's It's been around for a little while, but it's becoming more of a routine screening, cardiac screening for patients now. So I'll send you that information too. It's super easy. You don't need like an order or any of that. You just call a number, I'll make your appointment, it's $99, in and out kind of thing. One other question, what other questions you got? I don't have any questions at all. Okay. I don't have any questions at all. I'm a researcher, so that's the kind of person I am. Oh yeah, absolutely. I'll read through it, look through it, and I'll follow up with you and let you know. Yeah, let me know what dose that is or whatever. I mean, there's some other options too. I know when I was younger, I could not take oral birth control because it did the yeast infections and all that kind of stuff. I could do the patch and it was fine. So the delivery methods do matter. And that's not to say that the patch is better than an oral You know, estrogen supplement here, but everybody responds differently. So while I do like a transdermal because it doesn't go through the liver, we don't increase any kind of cardiovascular risk even though the cardiovascular risk with oral is still low, it is still there. But there are some options that are still bioidentical in an oral form like by Juva is an oral pill that has the estradiol and the micronized progesterone are together, that kind of thing that may be better if the patch doesn't work. So that work for you and me. So we can just explore those options, but just let me know. All right, I'm going to send you an invite to this. I'll also be sending like you'll get a notification about some forms to sign. That's like your membership agreement, things like that, HIPAA form and all that. So you can sign those through the little portal. And you can let me know when you want to get started with the Okay, sounds good. Let me know if you need anything. All right, thank you so much. All right, bye. It's not normal for them to feel love.