ed with that? Gotcha, so more cognitive support there. And then cancer, what kind of cancer? Skin cancer. Oh yeah, because I saw you had the Mohs surgery listed on there for you. Okay, any melanoma or? One was close. Okay, like a dysplastic or something. Okay, and then ovarian cyst. So you had a hysterectomy, but your ovaries? Kept my ovaries. Kept your ovaries, okay. And then sleep apnea? It's mild. You don't wear a thing? I've tried. I know, they're tall, they are. I just finally put it in my closet. I know how tall they are. And then kidney disease. Tell me a little bit about that. For some unknown reason, I had kidney failure, end-stage pre-kidney failure, but it was also at the same time when they were trying to figure that out is when they found the AAA and the blockage in the iliac. So they did that surgery and then the kidneys righted themselves and they said the two have no correlation whatsoever. It shouldn't have done anything in my cell. The gummy I took every night for a week when I was visiting my sister in Nevada, so it was one of those. But you still see a nephrologist for your kidneys? Yes, every year. In the right kidney? Yeah, just a simple cyst, nothing fancy or bad. Okay, and then... Any other medications? Do you take a statin or blood pressure medicine? Any other supplements, vitamins? I take magnesium. You do take that now? Okay. I take magnesium and then I'm taking shiitake right now. Okay, good. The third one. Yeah. Okay. You can do it. You can do it. It's important. It's important. It is. Okay. Almost a year ago, he was like, thank you. In a nice way. Right. Yeah. I know. That's what I hear. Yeah. Okie dokie. So we did your labs and I think I saw in Brittany, Nurse Brittany in her notes, that you obviously have primary care and you see the VA. I have a whole team of them. Gotcha. Okay. And is there a reason why they hadn't wanted to start you on any statin? They don't do that. Oh, they did. Oh, they did, but you won't take it. Okay. I took it for a short time after the surgery. Did it make you like achy? No, I just don't want the long-term side effects. Nope. Okay. Absolutely not. Gotcha. My mom had Alzheimer's. My grandmother had Alzheimer's. Mm-hmm. Okay. Man. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. Well, I'm sure you know that your cholesterol is elevated. Mm-hmm. And... What is it? Well, so there's... And I'm going to give you... This is your fat packet, too. But usually what I do is I just go through all the labs first. Usually I set the hormones to last because that's kind of where we hang out longer. But just to go through it real quick. So your total testosterone is elevated. We want both your under-year-olds to be seven. My total testosterone? I mean, cholesterol. Sorry. Is what? Sorry. Two-oh-seven. Oh, that's lower than that. Yeah. What we mainly look at are any probably... So, your LDL, that's your bad cholesterol, and then your non-HDL, those are both bad cholesterol. Those are both problematic, that cause blockages. Your HDL cholesterol, that's your good guys. Now, these measurements are measuring how much cholesterol these bad particles can hold, so kind of like a volume. One thing that I look at more so is an apolipoprotein B, which you'll see back here, which yours is elevated as well. That tells us how many bad particles are actually on. So besides just the size of them being large, you also have an elevated amount of them. On the good side, this lipoprotein A, that's a genetic factor. So that kind of gives us a thrombotic risk assessment. It's within normal range there, okay? Now, we do take a few of these numbers, and we put them in what's called an ASCBD calculator, and it gives you a 10-year cardiovascular risk. So, the question this calculator is essentially answering is, what is the risk of this patient having a cardiovascular event in 10 years? And yours is elevated, 11.7% over 10 years, and then 30.8 over 30 years. So, when we look at that, this picture would be somebody that I would definitely be trying to lower these numbers, okay?Where are some downs? They have been. Where are you doing anything different in terms of diet? Yeah, sugar. Okay. I mean, tonic's also a good, that's good. Yeah, but I've been drinking a gallon a day. Okay. I'm taking in a cup of sugar just a day, every day, so the aloe has helped quite a bit. Are you? For maybe some supplements first? Nope. Okay. Okay. Well, we'll move on from that. Your vitamin B12 and your folate are both kind of, well, your B12 is for sure low. And then your folate is kind of teetering there a little bit. Those play a big role in your energy, red blood cell production, your neurological functions, so in brains. That's a big key player there. Okay. So replacing that, getting your B12 closer to like 800, you probably notice a lot more like energy, things like that. Yours is at 288, which is really on a very, very, very low cusp here. So if you noticed, obviously you've already noticed like fatigue, but like tingling in your hands and things like that, that is related to B12. Iron plays a key role in how your nerves are conducted, so replacing that is obviously a priority. Now, of course, your overall blood count, your white blood cells look good. Right now your red blood cells look good, so you're not anemic. And then you already know your kidney stuff. Yeah, you already know that one. Your, sorry, these things don't print out the way that I like. Your iron levels look good. So a lot of times we see iron deficiency with females, but yours is good. So no iron deficiency going on. And then you will notice when you look at this though, sometimes your iron can be reactive, right? Like it can respond to inflammation. But your CRP right here, this is your inflammatory marker. We use that for cardiovascular risk assessment as well. Yours is elevated. I'm on a negative bundle R. Okay. I have autoimmune, so I'm gonna have inflammation no matter. Gotcha. Okay, there you go. I didn't have to see that on your thing. Okay, perfect. Well, not perfect, but that is fine. Yeah, that too. Okay, your vitamin D, I know you said you were deficient, but you don't take a supplement right now. Okay, so your vitamin D is at 41. That's within the normal range, but most patients are gonna feel better if it's around 80. Okay. Yeah. That is gonna play a big role in your energy and brain fog, that kind of drag, middle drag, vitamin D. It's been positive. as a vitamin originally, but it really is more of a hormone the way that it acts because it actually tells other things what to do, which is what hormones do. So that is a big thing, and usually once you get it up to around 80, patients are like, gosh, I feel so much better. When I was taking it, it didn't seem to do anything. Yeah, and you do have a lot of other factors going on, and the supplement that you take does matter, so whether it was actually increasing or not, because even the one that we sent to the pharmacy, the 50,000 unit a week one, I've seen it move somebody's level like 0.1. Even though it looks like it will do because it's a high dose, but it just doesn't. We do carry them here. We use Metagenics, which is a third-party tested, so we know what patients are taking is what the level is. But what they're getting, I would recommend doing probably like a 2,000 a unit a day, but making sure whatever supplement you get has that vitamin K in it because it helps with absorption. And we have those here, like I said, but your A1c is a 5.5, which is right under the cusp of pre-diabetic. So normally, you know, your provider is going to just say you're not pre-diabetic or diabetic. I start looking at this when it gets to be above like 5.2 because that generally is going to signal some insulin resistance, see what's going on under the surface that oftentimes gets missed, not addressed, and it's going to smolder and it's going to create other problems, which that also goes into that systemic inflammation. While, yes, you've got autoimmune going on and working against you, all of these other things are... All of this is playing into that too. So, we don't want to add insult to injury. Correcting some of these things that we can is going to help in the long run protect you. So, let's see, I'm looking for these things. They're not in the right order, so I'm always searching for things to make sure I don't miss anything. Your TSH looks pretty good. It's at .66. And then we draw your T4 as well. And it's at 1.53. So, your TSH goes from your brain to your thyroid. And then your T4 is actually one of your thyroid hormones. So, we look at both. Just because one looks good doesn't mean the other is actually working right. And then I think we've gone over everything except for the hormones at this point. Any questions so far? Okay, cool. Now, your hormones. Okay, so when we drew these labs, have you been taking? Very intermittently. Not like this. Maybe not saying this late, but when they were drawn, it was like probably none in a week and before that maybe two pills a week. Well, that makes sense. So, you know, obviously, I know you still have your ovaries, but the picture is they're done. They're done now. You're at this age, which is what we look at to tell us premenopause, postmenopause. It's high. So, it's a 58. So, you're postmenopausal now, but your estrogen is an 8, which is very low. So, I like to maintain it at least above 55 because that's where we know that bone protection can come. Your progesterone is at .3, less than 1, usually in out. So somebody's natural progesterone, if we release, we would see it maybe around eight or so. And that would be good. That'd be sufficient. When we start replacing progesterone, like orally or whatever, it doesn't really, our labs don't really catch it because it is shorter acting as far as its half-life goes. You take it at nighttime. We're not going to go to the labs until middle of the next day. So, but for this to be a natural picture, your progesterone flows. So progesterone is your, it helps with sleep. It helps make patients fall asleep, stay asleep. I thought I didn't need it after. So you don't need it for uterine protection. Okay. But other things can be before. Yeah. If you're symptomatic, it has its own benefits. Now estrogen helps with sleep. Estrogen obviously helps with hot flashes and night sweats and all those things too. Progesterone can also aid in kind of helping with those too. But with our uterus, no, you do not need it for uterine protection, to protect yourself against uterine cancer, because we don't have that organ anymore. But as far as its neurological benefits, yes. Okay. Your testosterone... where's the rest of it? Hang on, where's the rest of it? There it is. Yeah, there it is. So your testosterone is pretty low, too. Your total testosterone is 11.5, and you'll notice these ranges, but these ranges are silly, like I don't really know, for females. But your free testosterone is two. So we have what's called a sex hormone binding globulin, also that's a protein that kind of can tell us a little bit more about how your hormones are being used. Binding up a bunch of hormones, if it's really low, that's not great either. It can signal some other things like insulin resistance and things like that. Yours is low or it's on the very low cusp. It's a 22. So that just tells us that while your hormones aren't bound up, they're just low. But you're also, you know, we need to bump that up a little bit anyway too. So all in all, you're obviously a candidate for hormone replacement therapy. And I know you haven't been taking yours regularly. I'll say love to start multiple hormones at one time, but you've already been on, well, but you have, you know, anyway, you've been on the estrogen and the testosterone. So I mean, I'm okay with doing more at one time for you, but I would probably hold off on adding the progesterone until we got the other situated. And I will say, hormone replacement therapy is not going to work if we're not consistent. Well, that's why I picked the pellet. I don't have to worry about it. Yeah. Now, the problem with the pellet though, with your cardiac risk being as high as it is, a pellet is the highest form that we have of hormones. And so I'm just going to be honest right now, I would not put a pellet in you. My sisters are tired and they're doing it on her. Where? She's in Nevada. Okay. Well, cardiovascular risk is a yellow flag. I'm a calf, I have a clear, I have a scan every year. There's no blockages, there's no nothing. Just high numbers. Yeah. And I'm not saying I wouldn't eventually, but I would want to start you out on something besides that. Well, then I won't be doing it. Okay. And that's fine. That's why we have this consultation. I won't take it. It won't be regular. It will be sporadic, just like everything else. Yeah. Well, I don't want you to go cry in your car. Well, I'm going to because that's why I came to you guys. Can I leave, please? I would like for you to have a meeting. No. I'm done. I'm done. No. Okay. Well, I certainly cannot keep you here. I would like to have more of a conversation with you though. Well, if you're not going to give me what I was really putting everything in all my hopes on, then what's the point? Because they already gave me the stuff. None of it worked. And like I said, I'm not opposed to doing a pellet, but we do need to have a conversation about your cardiac risk. I know my cardiac risk. I know that. It's been that way for years. Well, I would like to continue our conversation and get to a point where we can do that for you. Because this is our first time to meet, so I need to lay out all the risks. But I can't put my name on something saying that I've given you the risk factors without actually having the CPR conversations with you as your provider. I just said we could get there, but we're going to have to have hard conversations first, because this is your health. And I would not be doing my job if I didn't lay it all out. And I understand that you've heard it before, but I haven't been in your pocket listening to what everybody else has told you to know that all the bases have been covered for you. And that's my duty. You got your report. If you want to take it all home, unpack it, text us back, come back, and let's chat again, then we can do that. Because I would like to help you. I would like to help you feel better. Well, I'm sorry that you feel that way because that's not true.