Hey there. How are you? I'm good. Well, I'm Morgan. Nice to meet you. Well, tell me a little bit about what's going on. Which part? All of it. You can start wherever you want. Nikki Smith is a good friend of mine. She's with me, right? She had told me about her visit here and how much she had appreciated it and everything. I just think I was starting to have more symptoms of menopause. We moved back down from Nashville two years ago, but I haven't seen a doctor. I've just stayed on whatever regimen I was on, and I haven't had blood work done since. Okay. But my hot flushes are outrageous. My moods have gotten just off the charts. Anything else you take, or any other previous medical diagnoses or anything like that? No. I had taken a blood pressure medication. I think it starts with a guess, I can't remember. Like a low dosage. I was having migraines, and so my doctor put me on that. We weren't sure which came first, the migraine or the blood pressure. So, I'm not taking the blood pressure medication a few months ago just to see how things were. I think my blood pressure was okay. She retook it just now. It was a little high when I came out of there. I couldn't really read it. Yeah. Looking at today, it was pretty much right about the same, 130.

How have your migraines been since you stopped your?

I haven't had any.

Okay.

So, yeah, I haven't had, right, two or three times, frankly, in that, about three years.

Okay.

So you stopped taking that all together, huh?

Well, it's blood pressure medication. I just stayed on it.

Okay.

And then when I got here, I was just trying to cut down on medication.

Gotcha. Okay. And I think you put anxiety and depression. Have you taken anything for those or?

I will be each room.

But not currently. Yes, well the 300 milligrams will be perfect. And then as far as your family history goes, your mom had hypothyroid or just something with her thyroid? She had it removed. Okay, gotcha. I don't know what exactly. And then she's had a stroke and my biological father had heart disease and diabetes. But thyroid runs in all the females in my family. Gotcha. I'm reminded of this. You just put me on Prilosec. Okay. Years ago, like a mild dose of Prilosec to help with maybe my hot flashes. Okay. But I haven't taken that in a long time. All right. But that's really all I've done as far as the hormone stuff goes. Okay. And okay, so what we'll do, let's just go over your labs real quick. Okay. I usually take the whole notes to the labs because that's just where we're kind of... But looking at your cardiac assessment, so obviously your blood pressure was a little elevated both times when you came in. I'm not, so I don't know what blood pressure medicine your doctor put you on for my rate. I feel like it was probably like a beta blocker, if that rings a bell at all, which that wouldn't have been the name of the medicine, but just more so the type of medicine, which probably wouldn't have done a whole lot for your blood pressure.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it was.
Especially with the dosage.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, and looking at your cholesterol panel here, so one thing, have you been told you have cholesterol before?
No.
So your lipids are elevated. Your total cholesterol, we want to play 200 at 220, but more concerning, your triglycerides, which is It's above 400, it's 435 right now, and we want it below 150, so your triglycerides are really elevated. Now, when people are talking about bad cholesterol, they're usually talking about LDL, I don't know if that sounds familiar to you, but those are the ones that embed into the arteries and create the plaques and blockages. You'll notice when you, because I'm going to give you all of this to take, but your LDL wasn't calculated because the triglycerides were so high. I don't work in the lab, so I don't know why they couldn't do it because of the triglycerides, but that was the note that came back. Anyway, so let's say, now, have you ever done a GLP-1 or anything in the past? Yes. Okay, you're currently on one, right? Yeah. I don't call that everything. What are you on as far as that? Turns up a tie? Yeah. Okay. ...milligrams, okay. Where are you getting that from?

Gold Med.

Okay. Is it one that you just order and you mix it yourself, or does it come from a pharmacy?

Yeah, it comes from a pharmacy, yes. But I'm not happy at all.

Okay, okay. Because a lot of times, you know, we will use, a lot of times cholesterol will improve with GLP1, but sometimes what I see is when our body has several different, even if they're just like yellow flags flying on several different fronts, it's like our body, it's almost like you're holding a bunch of things and like someone tries to like take one thing from you and you're like, no, no, no, no, don't take anything, I'm gonna drop it all, you know what I mean? And it's kind of like our body wants to do that, so it's like, so our weight can be stagnant and all these other metabolic processes nothing's budging. All that to say, I do think a blood pressure medicine would help. A lot of times that, a lot of my patients don't realize how bad their blood pressure actually makes them feel. So then we don't have to go crazy. I mean, we're going to do something that's, you know, productive, but we're still going to do like a lower dose and just see how you do. So not going to jump off the cliff on that. As far as your cholesterol goes though, we take some of these factors and put them in what's called an ASCBD calculator. And that is going to give us a 10-year risk factor. And so what that is telling us is within 10 years, what's the risk of this patient having a cardiovascular event? Okay. Yours was actually low. Okay. Give you some good news there. So even though these levels are elevated, now your triglyceride is not taken into account in that calculation. It's more so your... Your non-HDL, which is another atherogenic particle, so that's problematic. Your age, your weight, things like that are taken into consideration into this calculator. Your 10-year risk was 2.7, and so for low risk, we want to blow five, so you're okay there. Now, some of your advanced lipids. So even though your LDL did not get calculated here, I always look at some of these advanced lipids. One's called an apolipoprotein B, not a whole big word, but ApoB. Your LDL, what it is measuring is how much cholesterol these problematic particles can hold, almost like their size. So if we were going to say, what's the risk of having a wreck on the road? And then somebody says, well, the average vehicle is the size of a minivan. It's like, okay, so I can see how that might factor in. All the vehicles are really big, but it doesn't tell us how many vehicles are on the road. So this apolipoprotein B is going to tell us how many of these particles that can embed into the wall to create these plaques and blockages, how many of those particles do we actually have? And we want it for somebody with low risk, we want it below 129. Yours is at 108, okay? So yours is lower. Now, you fall within this borderline range because somebody who's at higher risk, we're going to want tighter control, we're going to want below 90. So you're right in between those two numbers, okay? So technically on here, it's going to say you're borderline. But ultimately, looking at this, I still don't say you have to start like a statin right now. A lot of people have a negative thought about statins. Okay, well, I think statins I think that a lot of providers will put patients on these high-dose statins that aren't necessary and that higher doses come with greater side effects, you know, muscle pains and weakness and things like that. But, ultimately, diet and do you take any supplements at all, like omega fish oils or anything like that? You do take vitamin D? Okay. Well, so, omega fish oils, 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams of omega fish oils a day, can really actually, especially the triglycerides, they can really help lower that. Omega fish oils, they're found in fatty fish and things like that, so a Mediterranean-type diet, but you have to eat, like, a lot of tuna. So, all that to say, because a lot of people... But, they are seeing that it does move if we do control the other things. As for the omega-3 fish oils, Mediterranean diet, if you were like, hey, I don't like all this boldness here in whatever, I'm fine with just starting a statin, then I would put you on a low-dose statin. I would be in favor of that, but if you don't want to, then we can do some other things and monitor it and see, okay? Your C-reactive protein, this is another positive, so that's an inflammatory marker that we look at. A lot of times when we have an advanced cardiac risk, okay, that C-reactive protein is going to be elevated. It's not going to be elevated for a lot of other things too, but a lot of times we do correlate those two together, and we want it below 1, and yours is at 0.4. So that's good. Your, let's keep going, your B12 was at 440. That's kind of borderline for me. I really prefer patients to have it up closer to like 800. So B12 does play a lot with energy and fatigue, but it also goes into making our own blood cells and all of that, okay? So you can take an oral supplement. We do carry a B12 complex here, but I do recommend doing like, there's different types of B12. So the methylcobalamin, it's just a bioavailable one. It's one that your body doesn't have to break down into something else to be able to use it. So, and all this is going to be in this report too. Looking at your just regular blood count, your white blood cells were a little bit low. I don't know, were you sick when these were drawn too? You didn't have a sniffles then or anything? Or before? We'll watch that. We'll draw your labs again. Your kidneys look good. Your thyroid. So your TSH looks good. That's our hormone to tell it to produce the thyroid hormones. That looks good, and I also draw a T4 somewhere on here. There we go. And your T4 is good too, so that's saying our signaling hormone, it looks good, and then it's actually responding by producing hormones, so that's good. Your iron levels, your ferritin, okay, what, you're on an iron supplement right now? Have you been on an iron supplement for a while? Okay, so you're still iron deficient. Your ferritin, that's our iron stores, so that's stored in our liver, okay? And then we have our iron that's floating around in our bloodstream, okay? And so the iron that's floating around is at 78, so that's not super low. You're not anemic or anything like that. But the storage is low. And when the storage is low, that can just... It makes the body nervous. It's like having one roll of toilet paper in the paint, you know, that's how it is. It's like, we're a little stressed right now because we don't have enough stock, you know, that we want. So, I mean, doing a different iron supplement, I would venture to think that this may... Let me look at my vitamin D. Your vitamin D is at 62, so you're doing well on that one. Are these in a multivitamin or are they separate? They're all separate. Do you know what brand iron you're taking? I don't have a clue. You like the scripts. Oh, okay. Yeah, some supplements. But it just says iron. Yeah, that's good. So I'll send that in for patients too, but there is a trick to it because iron is difficult to actually absorb. Taking it every other day actually increases the absorption. It's almost like your body just kind of is like, "Oh yeah, no, that's old news. I don't want that." So doing it every other day helps, and then taking it with some vitamin C, so whether it's a vitamin C tablet or drinking orange juice, you know, something like that, vitamin C will help the absorption too, and then taking it on an empty stomach. So iron is finicky. It's got all these rules to make us be able to even absorb it, which is why probably so many of us are iron deficient and don't know it. But that iron deficiency, even before we're anemic and all of that, can, as far as our symptoms go, what it can look like is fatigue, getting more winded, you know, if you're walking or exercising or anything like that, and you're like, "This is ridiculous. I can't breathe." Wow, that could be your iron deficiency. Hair thinning, that can be iron deficiency because our hair follicles really need a ferritin level of like 70, and yours is at 31. Now, there are other options for iron. One of them is still prescriptive, but insurance is going to keep paying for it, but it's called Accrufer, and we could send that one in. We would send it through Blink Pharmacy, I don't know if you've heard of Blink, but they're an online pharmacy that they've partnered with the Accrufer manufacturers or whatever. So, I'll still have to do a PA, prior authorization for your insurance. If they deny it though, Blink still will let you purchase the medication for like I think like 30 bucks or something. So, I mean, that's a prescription option there, and it usually works pretty good. It's pretty gentle. Because that's another issue with iron as well. Patients have constipation and GI upset with it.

Okie dokie. So your vitamin D is good though. Do you take a prescription of that? Is that prescriptive too?

Yeah.

Once a week?

Once a week.

Well, it's actually working. So 50,000 units probably.

I think it's 10.

Is it 10? Okay. So I usually like patients to be at least 60, around 80. You're at 62. Yeah, 62. I mean, your vitamin D is working because I've had patients do the once a week prescription I've sent it in before and it's like not doing anything. So you can keep doing that.

Well, it's probably been like fever basically.

Yeah, so you're doing good.

I know it's so low. I used it a year ago when I started coming in.

So that's working.

So we need iron and B.

Iron and vitamin B. There's really not a prescription for B12 really. You're technically not deficient anyways. The 400, I think they technically say you're deficient to like two something, which is like, okay, well, let's just be dead first. Like, let's just, you know, not. Okay. And let's see, I think we've gone over everything. Your A1C was at 5.3. So 5.7 is where we start seeing like pre-diabetic. So 5.3 is not pre-diabetic. Okay. But it does, for me, you're right there on that borderline starting to have some metabolic dysfunction, probably some long-term smoldering insulin resistancy, which is also kind of what we see with like the triglyceride levels. That's all from the liver. The ferritin is stored in the liver. So a lot of this, when we see insulin, you have to see the liver driven, which is pretty common in females, honestly, that plays a big role in our ability to lose weight and just our fatigue and all of those things. So when all of these were run through my program here, several flags that fly for insulin, you can see that was liver driven, and that's all in here too. So we'll go over some of that. The omega-3 will help with that because they're going to help those triglyceride levels, especially. They're also anti-inflammatory too. The GLP-1, so we do the compounded GLP-1 tier too. I don't know, I mean, different pharmacies do matter, but ours is compounded with L-carnitine which also helps with weight loss as well. We can write it down for you if you want, but you can also go back to yours and see if it's compounded with anything or if it's just terzepatide alone. But in some terms, what we can do as far as this insulin resistance goes, and that kind of helps to just settle everything down so that our metabolic processes are finally like, oh, okay, now we can enroll. Okay, okay, yeah, right. So another thing, even though you're already on GLP-1, doing a low dose of metformin, which is an oral medication for type 2 diabetes, just like the GLP-1s were originally for type 2 diabetics. So for some patients, that can also help a little bit. But I think we start I was doing the omega fish oils. Let's do a low-dose statin if you're up for it. And then a blood pressure medicine. And let's see, because sometimes even that blood pressure medicine, it just allows the GLP-1 medicine to do what it needs to do. And like I said, when she told me that you won't have that, I just got a prescription like two weeks ago. The GLP-1? Yeah, I did. I'm going to finish that, but then I'm just going to... Yeah, absolutely. We have a ton of patients that do that. I'm like, no, don't. This is what you have. We don't need to just throw money down. Let's not do that. Let's not do that. Yeah, and then we can start doing your prescriptions here. That's fine. Now, your hormone, your FSH was 76. That tells us perimenopause, postmenopause. You already knew you were postmenopause. Estrogen didn't even like really register, it says less than five, so we have none. And then your progesterone was really low, where did it go? Yeah, your progesterone was 0.19, which that's common. I mean, as far as like, we don't have any hormones anymore, you know, so that's, and then your testosterone was also low. So, what we do with all of that. Now, you being all, have done hormones before as far as the combi patch and that kind of thing, typically we can jump in a little bit quicker with all those different hormones versus somebody who's never been on anything and it's like, okay, well let's, I don't want to start commuting to one time and you have, you know, not feeling good on one of them and not knowing which one to change or, you know, adjust the dose. So, generally what we're going to do is, the combi patch had estrogen and progesterone in it, okay? As we age, sometimes our skin barrier can thicken, absorption can decrease, or just we had some ovarian support, so our ovaries were still kind of working a little bit, and we had that patch, and then our ovaries stopped altogether, and so that may be why you felt like the patch was working, and then now it's not, or it could be, like I said, the skin becomes less permeable, so we're absorbing it through the skin as well, that could be it too, but, or it could be, I don't know if they changed your dose at all, because there's different doses of that. It didn't change. Okay, could have been that we just needed a higher dose. The issue is the last time, when I stopped taking it, I had gotten two prescriptions, and they wouldn't stay on me. Okay, and that PONV patch, it's a bigger Yeah, patch. Yeah, okay. And I never had that problem before, and I'm taking that for a couple, two or three years before. And now, I'm not a huge sweater, and this thing would just like melt off. Yeah, it's like they sent me another one, and I think maybe that box was good, and then the next box they sent me made, and I was just like, yeah, like I just had too much other stuff going on. But maybe, I mean, in the very beginning, I liked the patch. Okay, well, and I do, so typically my combination is an oral progesterone that you take at nighttime before bed, okay? So usually patients like 200 milligrams, but I start out at 100 milligrams just because it does take a minute for the body to get used to having that progesterone back on board. can be a little strong as far as you take it nighttime. The idea is that it's supposed to make you sleepy. In about 30-45 minutes, you go to bed, okay, and then it helps you sleep through the night. Sometimes when you first start it, it can like linger and make you kind of drowsy during the day, but usually that's going to wear off. If that even happens, it will wear off in about two weeks, okay? I feel like more patients are on the train of they start it and then we check in in about two weeks and I'm like, how are you doing? They're like, I don't, I mean, I guess, I don't know. I just, I don't know. I don't think it's, I don't know what it's doing. It's not gonna mean anything. I don't feel anything. I'm like, okay, well that's fine. Go ahead and increase it to 200 milligrams, okay? And usually patients are like, okay, yes, much better sleep. That's cool. I like that. And then I will do an estrogen patch. Now, the estrogen patch is much smaller and usually it sticks like, because it almost like melts into the skin. Not like a thicker kind of plasticky patch?

Yes, that one was.

This is almost like if you were to take a Band-Aid and you cut one of the little arms off of it, how that will melt in and peel it off like that. That's what the estrogen patches are like.

So they're much smaller.

So you'll put it on and leave it on for a few days, three or four days. You'll change it twice a week.

The main thing is making sure you're rotating where you're putting it. Because if you were putting it in that same spot every time, that skin does get thicker because estrogen does thicken the skin. That's why we will lose estrogen and start to kind of lose...

Yeah, everything's dropping.

Everything's dropping and drying and wrinkling.

So that's kind of where we start with that. Now, have you ever done testosterone before?

Years and years ago. I had a boy organized. I typically send the prescriptions to service drugs over here in Richland on Highway 51 just because I've had a lot of conversations with that particular pharmacist, and we kind of come up with a game plan as far as making sure that the base that she's using actually absorbs, you know, because that's a big thing. I'll see so many patients that get it from whatever compound pharmacy, and it's like a white lotion, and it's just like, well, I don't know where the testosterone is, but it's not inside your body. So I can see why you don't feel any different, because your labs don't look any different. So we do that. That is a daily thing, and actually what we... Today for you, since you've been on estrogen, you've been on progesterone, we can do the oral progesterone, the capsule at night, but I could actually have testosterone and estrogen compounded in the same little compound hybrid gel, and you just put that on once a day. Now, when we check your labs again, if you come back, we typically are going to check six to eight weeks after we start testosterone and see how everything's sorbin and all of that. If you come back and we see that labs are not really impressive and you're like, I don't feel any different. I mean, it does take a while for hormones to like for you to really be like, oh yes, I'm never going to go without this stuff. It's going to take longer than six or eight weeks, but usually patients are going to have some sort of change, some sort of improvement in their symptoms by six to eight weeks. But if you come back, we can look at going back to the estrogen patch. Okay, look, I do some injectable testosterone if you're okay with needles. Well, neither are your other injections anyway. And the testosterone injections would be once a week. Now, if you said, Morgan, I kind of like the idea of doing the testosterone injection once a week and doing the patch, like estrogen patch, then we can do that right now. It's up to you which route you would like to go. Would one work faster than the other? So, since you've done testosterone before, most patients have to start with a topical and just see, because I have patients that are like, oh gosh, testosterone, it was too much for me, which is like, okay, well, it's like I can hook myself up to it like a battery pack and it still wouldn't be enough for me, so I'm just tired. But anyway, so, but since you've done testosterone before and the topical anyway I don't think you're going to have this negative reaction to it or you have had it with a topical too. So the injections do, I feel like, get patient's levels a little bit higher. Not super physiological like some providers out there were talking. My goal is around 150 for testosterone for females and yours is like 17. So we've got some climbing to do. So I do think you'd probably benefit more from the injections if you're okay with doing an injection. Now the needle is going to be bigger than the like trizepatite needle. It's got to go IM, so like into your hip muscle here. And generally the easiest way for me when I was giving it to myself would be to go like this and just go right there. Into that hip muscle. If you've got someone at home that can do it for you, that's fine too. And we can, you know, once you get your testosterone in You're like, oh, this is a lot. I don't know. I'm nervous. You can text us. We can get you back in here, bring your stuff, and we'll show you how to do it and give yourself, and we'll give you one, and then meet you back. So we don't mind doing that. So can you just explain the estrogen and testosterone? So increasing my testosterone, what effect is all of this in the energy? Yeah, so they're all going to work together. Now, progesterone, its claim to fame here, the main thing that she's going to try to help with is sleep. She is going to mediate our cortisol more so. So normally, we have progesterone on board, and it creates this barrier. And so a lot of patients at night are like, cortisol is on a 24-hour cycle, okay? So it's what rises and wakes us up, and then if we have to run from a high, it's going to spike, and then it's going to keep everything homeostatic, right? Keep us alive. And then bedtime is going to start to go back down, so we go to sleep, okay? Well, it's not necessarily doing anything that it hasn't always done, but normally we have this barrier of progesterone. So as it's starting to rise, it naturally starts to rise around three in the morning, but usually we have this barrier here of progesterone, and progesterone's like, hush, she's sleeping. It's not time yet. And it's like, I know, I'm just getting ready. And then at seven or eight or whatever time, breaks through that barrier, we wake up. So when we don't have that on board, that cortisol starts to rise at three We feel that, and so sometimes patients will even wake up and their heart will be racing. Or they're like, what was that? Like, why? Or they'll have this bedtime, this wired tired feeling, they're tired all day, and they get into bed, and then it's like everything's quiet and their brain is just going. Can you shut it off? That is another thing because of course all of our stress hormones, and even though it's not necessarily spiking, it's more so there's less distraction going on, and we don't have that progesterone on board to go. Yeah. So that's what progesterone is for. Okay, that's the goal there. Estrogen, estrogen helps with hot flashes and night sweats. It can help with our mood and everything. Progesterone can help with agitation. Progesterone does, okay? So like if you've gotten more agitated, I don't understand. I've been with my husband for how many years, and why all of a sudden has his eating, why is that driving me insane? Sometimes that's progesterone, but sometimes it is lack of estrogen. So estrogen can help with stress and mood. A lot of people think testosterone is solely the libido and sex drive. That's not necessarily true. Estrogen, getting estrogen to a sufficient level, can fix all of that as well, or can at least play together, testosterone and estrogen in that department. I like, or I'm an advocate for estrogen in females because of the protective mechanism that it has as far as our heart, our vessels, our vasculature, our brain. So at the vascular level, estrogen is a vasodilator. It keeps our vessels compliant and open. When we lose it, that's when our vessels become more rigid and clamp down, and that's why heart disease is the number one killer in females after menopause. So with like somebody like you with cholesterol like this, I put your numbers in to that calculator and it said lower risk. If I were to put those exact numbers in and flip your gender to male, it would probably put you at somebody that we would need to treat with a statin like today. Because we have generally more estrogen, our vessels are more dilated, we aren't at as an immediate of a risk as a male, okay? But what the calculator doesn't take into account is menopause when we don't have it anymore. So at the brain level, Estrogen also, its main thing is insulin resistance. So, it can play a big role in our insulin resistance, meaning insulin comes up to the cell and knocks on the door, and the cell is supposed to open and let the glucose go into the cell so that it can be used for energy. We're helping just one little cell, but at the end of the day we're helping all the cells that make the heart muscle or that makes the brain. Without estrogen, it's like the cells have on earmuffs, it's like they can't hear the insulin knocking, so it doesn't open. So that's where the body is going to continue to send more insulin, but our cell's not listening, it's not being used, and then the glucose, the sugar, is not going into the cell to be used for energy like it should be, which is the cell's preferred energy source. over time, because we're not type 1 diabetics or anything like that, we're obviously producing insulin, it's just our cells have ear muscles and aren't listening, that glucose is going to build up and build up and build up, and the very last thing to kind of tip over is that A1c that says that we're pre-diabetic or diabetic, but over time, that has been just kind of very, you know, rising to a point where we didn't even realize that it was rising the whole time, but it was, just little, little, little by little. Now, estrogen, it helps to make the cells more sensitive to the insulin, so that they will open up, let the glucose in, burn the energy like it's supposed to. Newer studies in the brain, what they're seeing is in the absence of estrogen, in the presence of that insulin resistance, the brain's not able to use the glucose because it can't get it into the cell. So the cells start to metabolize something else, like they have to find something else for energy. And so like in the brain, it's going to start to metabolize the white matter, which is the brain. So in imaging, you see significant decrease in mass of the brain in the absence of estrogen. So emerging data, soon enough, they'll connect the dots to hormones, estrogen, dementia, Alzheimer's, but not in the way that was on the white box warning of estrogen that they finally got taken off last year doesn't cause it. The presence of it doesn't cause it. The absence of it causes that. So yeah, so that's estrogen. Testosterone, there's not a whole lot of just, okay, there's plenty of studies out there, plenty of data, but as far as in females are like, there's no data, there's plenty of data. But anyway, we don't have a commercially available So it's all male dosing. That's why we have to use compounded. It is so ridiculous. They wouldn't let females in studies for decades and decades now. So even like blood pressure medicine, like all those things were done on males and we're just going to extrapolate it for females. But if that's not right, no, that's absolutely, we can't do that there. But testosterone is energy, motivation, that's why I like the sex drive, mood, kind of chills patients out a little bit more, kind of go with the flow, kind of like a man. We're like, I'm fine, and the guy's like, we're fine. So it kind of should give you... Yeah, exactly. So that too, testosterone is really good for helping us to maintain our muscle mass, because as we age... We lose muscle, have more fat, so it can help with that body composition part, which can in turn help us to stay mobile longer, longer longevity. And even at the joint aspect, estrogen and testosterone both can help with just joint pain and things like that. So that's the differences in this. Any other questions about that? Might be a long time before the new one. Ready for it? Okay, good. You're welcome. Okay, so when you get your report here, this is just your lab results as far as the values go. Your cardiac assessment is here. That's that ASCVD score right here, that 2.7. These are your advanced lookings that we talked about. And then you'll see your hormone assessment, so low progesterone, obviously menopausal, we were talking about the FSH number there. Low androgen, that's talking about your testosterone. And then low estrogen there. So those are just kind of some patterns that we picked up. Then your metabolic assessment, talk about the insulin resistance thing right there. With that is where you get this inflammatory burden. Now your inflammatory marker was not elevated. So this is going off of just the insulin resistance, the high triglycerides, and all of that. Pretty much that's just geared towards our body not having It's not clicking along like it should. Iron deficiency, and then this kind of explains a little bit more about that insulin resistance thing. So if you wanted to read up some more on that. Nutritional goals, dietary recommendations, and I'm also going to send you a link to your portal, which is pretty much a digital version of this. And so when you go to the dietary recommendations, you can click on the food, and it'll generate like recipes for you that you can save just because I'm one of those. I created this part because I was like, okay, that's cool, like Mediterranean diet. Okay. But like, I'm going to have to go to the grocery store, so can you give me some... I need more. Yeah, like, I need some direction here, and I don't want to think about it. I don't want to go, you know. Yeah, so that's what all of this is about. You'll see this EPA, DHA, those are like the omega officials that we're talking about. Okay. And then your supplement recommendations, obviously I never tell anybody, just yes, go buy all this and start those today. But these are things that are recommended that you can add in as you want to. The omega-genics, that's the omega-fish oils. So 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams of those per day. The berberine is a really good supplement that does actually target insulin resistance. So it really helps with that. It can help with weight loss. It can even help lower those triglyceride levels too. So it's a good additive, OK? The CoQ10, I recommend that for almost everybody. CoQ10 is a coenzyme. It works at the cellular level, at the energy production system in the cell. We naturally lose it as we age. So obviously, just replacing it is beneficial. But ultimately, when you start to... You'll see a lot about like muscle recovery, like exercising and things like that. But at the 300 milligrams, which is a higher dose, it's more geared towards heart health because if you think about high energy cells, high energy organs, like our heart, maybe it's pumping 100 times, it's doing its job 100 times in a minute or every single minute, you know, that's high energy cells. So that's what you're replacing. That's what you're benefiting with the CoQ10. Now, in the studies, the studies were done on patients in heart failure, so they already had heart failure. But what they saw was that those patients, even as sick as they were, had a significant decrease in cardiovascular events. So I do recommend that. And as far as overall just fatigue and things, myself included, but several patients have been like I went like four days without taking that, and it was like I was turning to stone. It really does help. I'm just going through all these with you because it certainly decides which ones you want to start with or not or whatever, but the glutathione is, which you've probably heard that word before, but glutathione is our body's master antioxidant, okay, so clearing out pollutants, if you will, okay, the waste and all of that. The glutaclear is giving your body the precursors for glutathione, which is a liver-supportive antioxidant. So how we talk about insulin resistance and the liver and our triglycerides that are in the liver and our iron deficiency in the liver, everything in the liver, this helps with that. I hate the word detox, but it helps with the detox pathways so that everything that's being processed through your liver, which is most things, you're helping support those processes by giving your body more of the precursors for the glutathione. So it can make more glutathione to process everything out. Yep. And then the ultraflora, healthy weight, that's a probiotic. It's got this specific type of micro bacterium with acromantia. It actually supports the body's natural GLP-1. So GLP-1 is a GI hormone. So it's going to help that. So it really does help with weight management, the gut barrier, integrity of the gut barrier, which deals a lot with absorption and things like that. So when we're not absorbing our micronutrients and things like that, it can help restore that barrier so that we are absorbing things again, which a lot of times our barrier and GI tract get all kind of out of whack when we don't have estrogen because there's all So estrogen receptors are literally everywhere in our body, like every organ, every surface, everywhere. So if you don't have any, yeah. So like the gut microbiome, we also have the estrobilome, which is the estrogen ratio in our gut. It helps with absorption in our GI tract and all that, which, not to get too off the beaten path, but our vagus nerve runs from our brain. It actually goes through our gut. It doesn't go through our spine, it goes through our gut. So when our gut health is not level, that's like a path right to our brain. So making sure our gut health is good and all of that. So that's where our probiotics come in play. And then that's also this ultraflora night rest and digest postbiotic. You take that at nighttime. You can take it with any kind of pre or probiotic you're already taking. This is more specifically going to That barrier while you sleep is kind of restored and it helps with the immune system and all that. But you can read up on all of these and kind of decide. We keep most of these in stock all the time. And then we also can send you a link to our Metagenics online store or whatever. So that once you're linked up with our clinic through Metagenics, you can also get your 20% discount online. So if going online and just ordering, yeah, that might be easier. Or you can come up here and when you come through and you get your GLP-1s, you can refill whatever you want to do. Okie dokie. Then this is just some recommendations, physical activity, sleep, hydration, all of that. So that's what all you will take with you today. But so our game plan right now is to do the oral progesterone at nighttime. I'm going to send you 100 mil And we're sending in 60 of them. So if after a few days even, if you're like, absolutely no difference, then you can go ahead and bump it up to two, okay? If you take in 100 and you're like, ooh, maybe that's the progesterone, I'm like a zombie, give it two weeks and let's see where we're at, okay? The estrogen, and this is kind of your decision if you want me to do the compounded testosterone and estrogen gel, or if you want to do the testosterone injection and the estrogen patch, what do you think? Gosh, I'm in my, I have no idea. Do you have any hesitations about doing the injection? No, I prefer, I mean, I've never had the big shots. My husband has the big, well, no, his is just a pin. I don't remember. Well, we can start with the compounded, the topical. It's going to come in a little deodorant dispenser, honestly. But you twist the bottom of it and it's going to click, and that's how you'll determine your dose. So what you're going to do is do two clicks, and that's going to be your dose, whatever it releases. It's going to say inner or outer thighs. I always do the outer thigh kind of like up here. And I usually, I'll rub mine in like this, my forearm, just make sure you rub it in really good, give it time to dry. Not like a long time, like I do it when I get out of the shower in the morning, and then by the time I'm actually putting my clothes on after I've done my hair and makeup, it's had plenty of time, okay? There is a, anything topical like that, it's not like covered with a patch, you do see a risk of transfer. So that's why we need to let it dry. If you're holding babies or whatever, you have it right here, you could transfer it. Once it's absorbed, it's absorbed. But if you choose to do it at night time and then you get to bed and it's not dry, you might transport to your sheet or to your husband and that's not doing you any good if he's getting it and you're not. So there's that. But why don't we do that? So that is compounded and will take the pharmacy a little while to get it ready. They can mail it to you though. So they can mail it to you. So just making sure that you know you're getting your refills in time for it to be mailed to you so you're not worn out. But we will meet back in six to eight weeks. How much of your GLP-1 do you have left? I should only have like two days left and it's like half a bottle. Oh, okay. So I had the most horrible like aggressive humor. I wonder if they changed the concentration. I mean, I'm doing what they say. Okay. And I've been in that and like I was in Florida last week. And I mean, I was eating like crazy. And I've been doing the GLP-1s now for, I don't know, three years. And, but I was doing the wheel drop. Yeah. Yeah. And so it's been since then that I've had issues. But I don't know what's going on with this stuff. Okay. Well, I was just going to say, with a lot of your why of hopefully with whenever you need more of that so that you can get your... Okay. Because the GLP-1s here, you'll pick them up from here. Okay. Yeah. So what we typically do... You'll get four prefilled syringes. And then we do a quick little weigh in and a refill once a month. Why don't we schedule it for six weeks? But if it looks like you're running out of that, you can text us and we can, I mean, four weeks is a little early, but we could get you into that. We can move your lab till eight weeks. You see what I'm saying? Like we can do the next med pickup for you for the labs. But let's go ahead and just schedule it for six and maybe you'll make it six weeks. Well, actually I really shouldn't. We have two weeks left. Okay. Well, why don't we do this then? Why don't we go ahead and schedule a four week? If you get home and you're like, no, for sure, this is only two weeks, then we can get you back in two weeks and do your med. Just for that. Yeah, just for that, okay? And then we'll schedule, and that would work out because Four weeks after those two weeks, make six. And we'll do labs and your med pickup then. If you do make it to four weeks with what you have at home, then yours come in four weeks, do a med pickup, and then we'll do a med pickup and labs in another four. So that makes it eight weeks from now. And then what we generally will do is a virtual appointment the week after, especially since you're not local, local, to go over your labs and chit-chat and see how your symptoms are. And if we want to change to an injectable or whatever, then we can. Now, as far as the blood pressure goes, I will send in a low-dose blood pressure medicine. Let's see how you feel on that. And when you come back for your med pickup And then, yeah, I was expecting it to be like metoprolol or something with a lol. Losartan? Okay, so they just had you on like a super, super low, low dose. Okay, um, do you have any negative side effects with that one? No. Okay. Let's see. Yeah, we use losartan a lot, but I'm going to do a different one for you. Okay, can you explain to me how are my triglycerides so high? What do I have to be eating or drinking to make that happen? Or is that how they get high? So it's more so the insulin resistance that is driving the boat here. As I was going to say, I don't eat like crazy things, but you know, my diet is not that. It's more of the metabolic dysfunction that's causing that versus the opposite way around. I'll show you exactly how it's explained. So when the liver becomes resistant to insulin, so the liver cells, like we were talking about, that's where you get your triglycerides are increasing. All these things are being built up in that one. Okay. Yeah, 'cause our liver is just not-- Now your liver itself, in your lab work, looks fine. Now you'll notice, let's see, so your AST and ALT, those are your liver enzymes here, so 26 and 33. And here, that looks golden, okay, on the regular printout here. But for optimal, not just the lab ranges that they have come up with here, because this is like, okay, we took all of the people in this area, and then as long as they weren't dying from their levels of this or that, you know, whatever, it's like, okay, they're good at that level. They're not dying at this level, so we're gonna make that optimal, okay? But that's not optimal. So what you'll see here, your ALT is at 33, which is getting right above the optimal level, and that's why everything's really-- It creeps, it's like the tide is rising, but it's going so slow that you don't even notice it, and then all of a sudden it's like up to here. So that's the same with your A1c, it's at 5.3, which is like, oh, you're not diabetic, you're not even pre-diabetic, but that is kind of a trigger for me when I'm looking at labs, because I'm like, 5.3 is where I start going. It's not pre-diabetic yet, according to the lab or insurance, but we definitely, in order to get to a 5.3, we've had some smoldering insulin deficiency just kind of creeping along for a while.
And it's still creeping, so we can kick.
So, if you're up for it, blood pressure medicine, but we can do that low-dose metformin if you want to try that.
Okay, is that for the?
Insulin resistance, that's the diabetic, the oral diabetic medication.
I'm just going to have to tell you I used to take it all the time, and then I just got... Yeah, well so, anytime I have any kind of like, you know, you're swallowing your mm-hmm in mind, and then this starts, do like two squirts of flonase in the morning and at night, it has a steroid in it, so it does go systemic, but a lot of times it will And then I'll send in a second nasal spray that's also a steroid but it operates in a different way. And then I'll send in some Advil Cold and Sinus or Sudafed. I'll send in the prescription for those. It's not necessarily a prescription but it is the home account at your internal form. And then I'll send in these other things for you. Those are going to be up here. Service drugs and they can mail it to you. And then as far as our follow-up, we'll schedule four weeks. Text us if you realize that you're not going to have enough meds, as far as GLP-1. And we'll move that appointment up, and so then we'll get you transitioned over to our GLP-1, so we'll do the trisepatide at the 15 milligrams. And I'm, like I said, I might be okay unless the semaglutide, if it's just, I don't know if it's the pharmacy that they're using, they got a Keystone and some Power, I tried to research it. Okay, well, we used to use Empower. Okay, so. Now, is it the semaglutide or the trisepatide that you're on? I started on the semaglutide, but I was not getting any results at all. They had bumped it up, and so I don't know if, like, they're not compounded. Well, trisepatide usually works better because it's a dual action. Semaglutide is a GLP-1. Tirzepatide is a GLP-1 with a GIP, so it's dual action. And usually, patients do better on it, like less side effects, they start seeing quicker results, and things like that. So, yeah. And you haven't, okay, yeah. Well, we used to use Empower. We used a different pharmacy now, so maybe, at least when we were using Empower, it was not compounded with L-quarantine or anything that was really weight loss beneficial. It was more so like B6 or B12, you know. And I didn't know to ask or, you know, because they're messaging me about it. Yeah. But you can definitely get it through us, and we can manage that for you, too. Okay. Any other questions? Not right now. That is fine. So I'm going to set up an auto text to get out to you in about two or three weeks just to check in on you, see how you're doing on the hormones and all of that. But then in six or eight weeks, whichever one falls conveniently with the other appointment, we'll do labs and then we'll do a follow up after that, after we get the results back. Okay. Perfect. Well, it was very nice to meet you and let's see, I think I saw this mammogram. Okay. Well, we can send you for your mammogram. And we can actually do a pap smear too. Where was your last mammogram done at? In my B4F, and then C. Oh, okay. So where is that at? Right outside of Nashville, Martinsburg. Okay, gotcha. So you haven't had one where you live? No. Do you know anywhere in Brookhaven for mammograms? Or would you rather come here? I don't know. Okay. Yeah, I just want to start back. I'm going back to work full time, and there's a position, so I'm going to start teaching tomorrow. Oh, okay. So I'll kind of aim to be ready in Brookhaven. Well, why don't we schedule it, so you'll have regular breaks as far as school breaks go. Absolutely. So why don't we work on scheduling something around? Your labs were normal? Yeah, everything was normal. I mean, normal, and that was like probably three years ago because I was due for one. Do you remember if they did the HPV testing with it? Does that ring a bell at all? They usually do. OK, usually they do. So generally, you're good for five years after. So now, insurance-based clinics, they're going to tell you, you need a pap smear every year because your insurance will pay for it. They get paid for it. OK. So I'm still good for that. Mammograms, we do those once a year. So we'll get you scheduled with that, and we can plan it around a break. It's not like we have to like... I don't see if they're going to make you a patient. Or like a great... Well, an imaging center, because we can... order, so we can, I mean, you'll have to get a seat to lie there. We just need to know where it might be convenient. Yeah. And I'll research too and see if it's near you or I'm sure. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, we, we do have to your therapy. So, yeah. Yeah. We'll do that. We will do that for sure. And one other thing, have you ever had a calcium for screening? Okay. So that is a heart saver screen. So it's like a CT of the heart, but it's non-invasive. It doesn't take very long. It's $9. They offer it right across here at St. Dominic's or the main St. Dominic's. I can see if anywhere in Brookhaven offers them for the $9 too, but ultimately what they're looking at If they're doing a CT scan of the coronary arteries to see if there's any blockage right now, I think that would be a good, if nothing else, peace of mind if it comes back with, you know, the triglycerides got taken down. And my father, because I didn't really know him that well, he died of diabetic and heart disease in his family. We'll try to get you set up. I'll get you set up for that. And two, one thing that we could do is when you come back for your GLP-1 meds, I'd have to order that for you. I'd have to send like a mammogram order. I can give you the card and you can call them when you know when you're coming. Usually they're pretty like, oh yeah, we can see you tomorrow. You know what I mean? They're pretty easy. It's an in and out thing. And that might Your mind at ease, but then it kind of helps us know because it comes back and it's like, okay, well, let's go ahead and start that statin and do, you know, whatever we need to do. But in the meantime, if there was like one thing on your supplement list would be those omega fish oils. Okay. I'm going to take my husband just for a second. Okay. Yeah. A thousand to 2000 milligrams, just to make sure it's enough. They don't have to have anything else in there, right? No. Now I will say supplements are not tested before they're put on the shelves like FDA regulated or anything like that. So making sure that whatever brand you're using is third party tested is super important because they can put that it's got pixie dust in it and there's nobody to say, no, it doesn't. So Metagenics is the brand that I trust, that I use. That's why we started carrying it here, but all their stuff is third party tested. I'll send you the link because if your husband's doing supplements too, y'all can order and get the 20% discount on there too. All righty. I'm going to let Brittney or Alena know what our game plan is, and then they'll bring your paperwork in here and get you your next appointment scheduled, okay? All righty. It was nice to meet you.