How are you? Good. How are you? Good. So, we got your labs out. How are you feeling? I think I'm fine. I'm starting to feel a little bit better. Are you? Okay. Okay, well good. I'm sorry. I want to apologize about yesterday. Oh, that's okay. I figured, well, when I saw that you had a home with Brittany, I was like, I bet she didn't realize she had one. Yeah. Like, you know, because I had told Brittany though before, I was like, because I know y'all will chat and like make a point. I was like, if you look and see, well, she can look and see if you have an appointment in like within a few days or whatever, and she can move your appointment with me to where it, you know, lines up. Well, thank you. Okay, so your labs look good. The only thing, have you been using estrogen? Yes. The gel? Okay. Yeah, I'm doing that every other day. So I put the patch in. Okay. Well, just for like this past week, I did that like the past four days, I think, I put a patch on. How do you feel any different? No. Well, your estimate, I mean, it's not, I mean, it's still like a bot. So it's like not absorbing or something is happening. Let me see what dose that gel was. Are you putting it on at morning or at night? Usually in the afternoon. Okay. Are you letting it dry off? Yes. Okay. Usually that divi gel works really well. Why don't we go ahead and just increase it and see if that doesn't help. I'm trying to think. Right there. Why don't you try putting it back here? Let's just try putting it on your back hip area and let it dry and everything. One thing that I do with mine is I will, instead of rubbing it in with my hand, I'll rub it in with my forearm, and then I don't have to wash any of it off. It's like it kind of absorbs here and there. But I'm going to still increase it to the one, okay? So the one milligram, and let's see if that doesn't help. Are you having any lingering symptoms? I know you said you feel like you're feeling better. I think I could kind of a little bit better. Like on the right path. Yeah, I think so. But it'll take a while. I've been really good about taking the supplements. Okay. Those little orange Yeah, I think I've got to get all of them out. Okay. I'll send that because I think we have one left on the shelf. I'll grab it for you. So the CoQ10 you're taking and what else do you take? The fish oil and then there's one starts with an E supplement. Come back to look. Estrovera? Yeah. Estrovera? Okay. Yeah, and that's a good one. And that one plays well with like estrogen symptoms, like low estrogen symptoms. I have had one or two of those drinking nights, but maybe they're getting bad. Okay. What about like just your hot flashes during the day? Any better? I think you're doing better. Okay, good. Perfect. Okay, well, I'm just going to send in a refill. Nail polish. Well, they're so grown out, but... Really? Oh, is your blue what's up? Yeah, it's like a really, really white blue, but then it's got the chrome over top. All right. And then you're still doing progesterone at night? Yes. That has really helped me sleep in here. Good. That's great. So right. Are you doing one or two a day? Two. Okay, perfect. Yeah, and I will go ahead and just send in the refill. Oh, she probably won't need it. Let's see. I do need a refill on this. Is that okay? And service drugs? Is that where you want? Yes. Okay. Go ahead and send in that. So we're doing 300 milligrams of progesterone at night. Let's keep doing that. And I'm going to send in one milligram. You were doing 0.75 and it's barely doing anything, so let's go. I've been diligent with it. Perfect. Okay, well I'll let her know. Your testosterone looks good too, so we'll keep doing the 10 milligrams a week of that. I will go ahead and send in, let me not send that testosterone in, it's probably, no, okay. It just got sent in, so in July. Did you get one at your house yet in July? Like a few weeks ago maybe? We have been since February. Let me know if you find it or don't see it or whatever, and I'll reach out to the pharmacy and see if they... Yeah, I'll go check. Yeah. Okay. Sounds good. Anything else? I think I'm good. Awesome. Okay, well, I'm going to send Brittany in then to give you your injection, and I'll pull those supplements for you. Okay. And then I hate to do labs, do labs, do labs, but I kind of want to do some more labs in about like eight to 12 weeks just to see if that estrogen is working. Okay. Like I haven't been willing to just sleep. Okay, so a little bit more energy. Yeah, definitely. Yes. Okay, that's good. Definitely a slight change. It all just kind of happened. I didn't get tired. Yeah, some subtle changes. Yeah, good. Perfect. Okay, well, that's kind of all we can really, you know, the hormones. It's not like now. Yeah, hey, we'll get there. That's the answer. We need that estrogen up. We got to feed that brain. Okay, perfect. Well, I'm gonna let Brittany know. And then let's see. Let's, we'll schedule some labs in about eight weeks or so. Okay. How about that? Eight weeks, so that's July, August, and September. End of September. It doesn't have to be like exact, right? But then, and then we'll follow up. I've got some really important, like the baby's being, I can remember that. Yeah. So we'll wind up meeting up just like this and to go over those labs again.