Hey there. How are you? Doing good. I'm Morgan. Nice to meet you. Okay. Let's see what we got. All right, tell me a little bit about what brought you over here to us. Well, I had a few dizzy spells, and went to my internal medicine doctor, and she ran a bunch of blood work, and one of the things she wanted me to check was my ears. Okay. Okay, so I went to Dr. House. I had normal stuff going on. I didn't even notice. I went to see that your doctor, I mean, I got your slip right, but he thought that everything that was going on was probably hormonal. Okay. I'm like five years post. I tried the trophies way back when I first started, but I only got them as a device made of seeds. So I just can take them. And I got the progesterone and estrogen for a minute. I just don't take medicine. I can't get away with it without it. So far, I feel like I've never had some menopause or anything compared to me. I walk in the park. But the good thing is it got kind of scary, okay, because if we can't figure out what it is, the next step is an MRI. How often have the dizzy spells happened? Actually, they're not there. And there was a bunch going on at that time. It's probably been a month. So a lot of patients think that menopause, like we are only treating for hot flashes or for symptoms like that. Personally, in my practice... I'm treating with estrogen and other hormones for the long-term metabolic benefits, for the heart protection and the brain protection that estrogen provides. So that's kind of more my scope. Of course, I want to help ladies if they are like drenching in sweat at night and feeling like crazy people and all of that. But mainly I'm looking at the cardiac risk factors and the neurological risk factors of it. Now, one thing, and we'll go through all of your labs, but you are a little iron deficient and that could possibly deal with some of the dizziness a little bit. Okay, well I just started probably two weeks ago, if that long. So maybe a week before I guess we're going? Yeah, starting on vitamin F iron. The Centrum Women's or something different? Yeah, well, yeah, the many that I've dealt with, I got checked because of my mallet-taking before, for some reason, you know, but I've been just starved. I haven't been on it long enough. That's it, and you're not like anemic or anything like that, but a little bit of iron deficient, which could be playing into that. And it does sound like, you know, panic attack situation. It does sound like some of that could be anxiety-driven, like, and it's weird because sometimes we have, I feel like there's two different ways anxiety comes up. Sometimes it's a patient's mind that then makes their heart go and, you know, but then sometimes it's kind of opposite. Sometimes it's like, why are we even, what are we even stressed about? You know, like, I don't know, and it's more of like an uncomfortable, and it's like our body's doing something. Even our brain doesn't realize what's even doing, you know. And that I feel like is more like a menopausal situation there. But I will tell you it's like since I, we have a nurse family person and I was telling her about it and she was saying you have a panic attack when you get busy and that's like it works for me. And so I told myself that. So then after that when I get that little dizzy spell I would think okay, you just need to chill. We're okay. It does help. It does help. And I will say something else that helped me was, you know, by the way, we're curious about why you're taking thyroid medicine. And I was at Dr. Cistern's office who is my age and makes me feel really young. But anyway, he said if you're worried about, you know, my cholesterol, I have high cholesterol. And he said if you're worried about your cholesterol, just go across the street, you're gonna... They gave back for the calcium score. So there is no calcium. Okay, fine, that's clear, but you're getting busy. I want to make sure you're getting enough oxygen to your brain. Yeah, for the brain. So I'm sorry I don't remember my cholesterol. Yeah, and I will say, so normally, okay, I will just go over to the lab real quick and then we'll dive into the rest of it. You obviously know that your cholesterol is elevated, and when we put those numbers into a calcium, I mean, what was the calcium score? No. An ASCBD calculator, it tells us like your 10-year risk factor, okay? Yours is at 1.7, we want to blow pop. So you're still low. So just generally speaking, I would not recommend putting a statin just off of this, okay? But I do dig a little bit. most of the time we're looking at this LDL number, and what that actual number is though, so we've got these problematic particles that tend to embed into the walls of our artery and create the plaques. Those are, LDL is one of them. Then you'll see this non-HDL number too, and those are other ones that are problematic as well. But the calculation of this LDL is actually how much cholesterol these fat particles can hold. So it's more like a size thing, so if we're talking about, okay, what's the risk of having a wreck on the road? And somebody comes back and says, well, the average size of a vehicle is a minivan. You're like, okay, okay, well, I mean, that will be helpful, but I kind of want to know how many cars are on the road. That would be, and then we can put them together, and then we'd really know, we have a better idea. One of those advanced markers is an apolipoprotein B, and that actually calculates all of the problematic particles, not just one, the LDL, and it doesn't just say what the size average is. It's actually saying how many we have. We want it below 130, yours is at 129, so yours is right there at borderline. That is a modifiable factor, just like our regular cholesterol, okay? The other thing that I look at is the lipoprotein A, and this is more genetically driven. Now, in the newer research, they are seeing it actually lower when we modify the other things, but it is more genetically driven. There's not a medication that you take to lower this particular thing, but what this actual marker is, is if you have these problematic particles, okay, your LDLs, let's just say, well then... them will have this extra protein on it, on top of like a little rider. And it will actually make these sticky so they can clump together. That's where you get like a stroke risk and things like that. We want it below 30, and yours is at 171. So that is an extra risk factor that I look at. On top of... Do you have family history? I mean, I think I saw in your family history you said maybe your dad had heart symptoms. You don't even know what... He's been gone for many, many years. I was very young. But I think he had a heart attack. But he was old, and he was... Not like young and... No, no. But really, we don't have anybody else. Like no one in my family. It's been over three or four years together. So you still haven't gone to statin. And I know you don't like to take medicine, but is it like the actual medications that you don't want to take or is it just the act of taking things that you're just bad at? I'm happy to take whatever. So like supplement-wise, would you be more inclined to do like supplements versus medication maybe? Yes. Okay, so it's not like I just hate it and will never take anything. No, no, no. You just prefer not to take medicine. And I'll take a lot in the middle of the temple. I just started on that and maybe that will help. Okay, thyroid medicine. You know, your thyroid, I know you know all this, but I'm just saying that it puts off a T4, your liver production, T3. I've never had my T3 checked. I'm going on the 4th of August to get everything. I'm going to ask them to recheck it, but apparently this milk thistle is supposed to help your liver convert that to T3 better. And I have to ask about that too, and I figured it couldn't hurt. I'm sure because anybody that we... If I get back an elevated TSH, I'm going to do the full thyroid panel after that. I mean, I feel like you probably have. Now, I did your T4 and it looked good. I've never asked about the T3. No, just because so your TSH, and now there are some things that, you know, reasons why we would investigate even further, of course. But for the most part, what we're looking at, see, your TSH... I'm going to give you all of these, but your thyroid-stimulating hormone is the hormone that goes from your brain to your thyroid, okay, to tell it to produce T4 and then it converts it all over. But at the end of that cycle, though, there's a reverse feedback that happens. Right. And that's where your brain stops sending the TSH, like, okay, we don't need anymore because it's like the level is up and so it's like I don't have to holler at anybody yet. But then it gets down, it's like, oh, send more. And then it sends more and that signal comes back and it's like, okay, we're done. Right. So for the most part, unless there's something else going on, I mean, of course, you can have breaks in the chain along the way, but for the most part, your TSH, that's why a lot of doctors will just look at a TSH. Now, there are, just like with anemia and your iron levels, you can be iron deficient for a long time before it breaks these other chains that makes you Our body is just very resilient in that way. You know, it's going to compensate. It's amazing. But for the most part, like, so your T4, this is your free T4, is 1.3. That's perfect. It's right in the middle there. But your TSH is 0.97, so it's lower. So, I mean, and not mentioning you're all on the supplement too, so you're kind of, you're giving your body that. But going through your lab, so besides your cholesterol, now... For almost 100% of my patients, I'm recommending 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams of a high-quality omega-3 fatty acid. We carry Metagenics here, so if you join and all that, then you get 20% off. We have a Metagenics store online, too, where you can just order from there and you still get your 20% discount with the membership. But those are really, really well. Omega fatty fish is what you can eat, and there's some dietary recommendations in here, too, as far as if you just wanted to try diet first, that kind of thing. But thinking like a Mediterranean diet, like your fatty fish, your olives, avocados, things like that. Yeah, that's what we follow is about the main thing we eat, has to have avocados every now and then. But I will say, now, when I'm saying 1,000 to 2,000 milligrams of omega-3 fatty acids, you would have to eat... So yes, that is very important, but at some point, it's just like, we can just, some really, really smart person figured out how to extract this and put it in this little capsule. Let's just take the easy way, okay? Let's just take the easy way. So that, another supplement that I highly recommend, and I take it myself every day too, CoQ10. It's a coenzyme and it is targeted, so we naturally make CoQ10, but we often naturally deplete it as we age. So replacing it, you know, obviously is helpful. But it's functioning at the mitochondrial level of the cells and energy of each cell. So high energy consuming organs that, you know, cells like our heart and our brain and things like that, replacing that really, really helps. But in the studies though, what they saw, because a lot of times when you're... Sometimes you can. It'll be more like athlete driven, you know, muscle recovery, you have to work out, whatever. But at the 300 milligrams is what they studied in cardiac patients that were in heart failure, and they actually saw a significant decrease in cardiovascular events at the 300 milligrams. So the one that Metagenix carries is, it's not a gummy, it's like a weird little thing, it's like a gel that you choose, like it's like a chewy gel thing. But that one is, I definitely recommend. But other than that, if you're like, yeah, okay, just give me the statin, I always recommend to a high-intensity statin, but at the low dose, the lowest dose, and that seems to give the same benefits here, but less side effects. So it's a little counterintuitive, but that's something we can continue to watch. Yeah, I would rather avoid a statin. He just does not know how to accept everybody differently. He's suffering from a bad shatter. Yeah, the muscle aches and stuff. And he just threw them away. And he got such anxiety. Well, and that too, so statins deplete CoQ10. And so that's the muscle, that's what like muscle recovery and all that. So that's why I'm like, why all these patients on statins that have side effects like muscle weakness and stuff, it's like, why are we not just replacing the CoQ10? That is depleting. You know what I mean? Are we not like, it's doing something, you know, statins work, obviously they do work and save lives. So it's like, if we're gonna take that to save lives, let's just take CoQ10 to replace what's making our muscles hurt, you know? Your vitamin D is looking good. It's at 57, right there on top of where I like to see it, which is... 60 to 80, even closer to 100. And that brain fog and all of that brain fog energy. So I would just look at how much D3 is in that centrum. Okay. Now, does it say on there how much you want me to have of the D3? So it, well, everybody, like what you would take, because this is about volume-wise. So what you would take kind of depends on what you're naturally making, if that makes sense. Like, I wouldn't give somebody who naturally is at a 57 about 5,000 units of vitamin D3. I might give them a 2,000. But somebody who has like a 20-something, I'm going to give them a 10,000 unit. Okay. So you're saying to get like that. Yours is right there at 57. Your centrum may have some D3 in it. So you're doing pretty good. And that's one thing about multivitamins. And I know because I'm a terrible, like, I'm terrible with compliance as far as taking things myself. But a lot of times Multivitamins, because a lot of patients are like, can I just take a multivitamin? You can, but a lot of times they don't have enough of each thing to be personalized to what each person needs. So that's where we end up like, here's just D3. But you also just started it, so you can continue to take it. It almost has to have D3 in it. And you can always text us, so you can take it and text us. And there's going to be some supplement recommendations we'll go over at the end, and they're according to like our metagenics. So you can purchase them here, you can purchase them online. The membership, did they not go over the membership with you? You mean the wellness? Yeah, the one that's wellness, so it's $150 a month. Yeah, I already did that. Yeah, so that's what it is. Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no, because some patients will... I mean, obviously, you like them or you wouldn't be selling them here if they're pretty good. Yes, and that's one thing, because before we used to not carry any supplements, but patients would go Supplements are not tested before they're put on the shelves as far as FDA. So sometimes they say that this is in there, and then once they do finally get tested, somebody takes it upon themselves to test them, it's like that's not at all, it's not in there. So that's why I make sure, like, the metagenics, making sure your vitamins are third-party tested, so these are. They're just a really good, trusted clinical brand. But you can even go online to, like, each individual, like, supplement, and most of them will have, like, the testing, like, you can see it on there. Like, you know, it's got, like, a scoring on there and all that kind of stuff. Now, let's see. So we talked about your ferritin already, and that has iron in it. Metagenics does have a, it's called hemogenics, and it's an iron supplement, too. So if you end up not doing the multivitamin. Yeah, your A1c is 5.6. 5.7 is where we say pre-diabetic. So you're right there, kind of borderline. And really, I prefer an A1C below like 5.3, because A1C is one of those things, it's going to be the very last thing that creeps up. And what I'm mainly talking about more so is insulin resistance that happens, and especially spikes going through perimenopause and beyond, because estrogen plays a big role in the insulin resistance. So in the absence of estrogen, it's almost like our cells just put on these earmuffs and they don't want to listen anymore. So when the insulin comes knocking and they're supposed to open up the gate and let the glucose into their cells and use the energy, it's like they don't. And so that's where we get that insulin resistance, where the insulin's trying to open the door for the glucose, cells aren't listening, that glucose is just slowly just kind of building up in there, and that's where we get that elevated A1C. down the road, elevated blood glucose levels. But meanwhile, insulin is irritating as far as our metabolic system goes. So having high insulin in the blood comes with that insulin resistance. That's where we start increasing our weight around our midriff here. Our micronutrients, we start getting gut issues. We start having low absorption rates and things like that. Just a lot goes into insulin resistance. So what are you doing about that? Well, there are some supplements, but a lot of our patients are doing a low-dose GLP-1. That helps. You could do, as far as supplements go, berberine is my favorite one. That's one thing. I feel like I'm always talking about supplements, but it's very picky because I want to do things that are actually going to work. Berberine is one of those that is suggested on here for you for insulin resistance, inflammation. It can help with lipid levels, so it can also help with the cholesterol. So that's a good one. And then now, okay, I think we're down to everything except for our hormones. All right. So obviously we are postmenopausal. Your estrogen is non-existent pretty much. And one thing that, so when you're having those dizzy spells, do you have any kind of like no chest pain or... Hard flutters. Heart rate is a setting about panic. One would follow the other. One thing about estrogen is, so yes, we talk about it for our bones because it's what helps keep our bones healthy, but it also provides a lot of cardiac protection. It is what keeps our blood vessels flexible in everything. So once we lose our estrogen, that's when everything kind of clamps down, and that's why also we have this insulin resistance. Our blood cholesterol levels start to rise. Now we don't have these vessels that are compliant anymore. They're more constricted and rigid, and so that's why cardiovascular events are the number one killer in females. But one thing is that... and its contractions. And so I'm wondering if that might not be something that you're experiencing. If these dizzy spells have just started happening over the last few years. Now they literally just started. Well, I had one several years ago that just kind of came and went. I didn't get anything. And so I didn't have it again. And then I had this very traumatic stuff going on in my mouth. I had to get three tests. Three. And so that was like, well, yes, that was very traumatic for that. And then some other stuff. So I just really was like, okay, too much going on. That's just stress. But it has gotten I had one two or three days. And when I did have the last one, like I said, I was telling myself, okay, you're fine, just sit down and chill out for a second, and it's not as bad anymore. So whatever that means. Yeah, and I'm just, I know you don't like to have an MRI of your brain, but I mean, and I'm not trying to just connect vague dots, but estrogen, there's estrogen receptors everywhere in your body. Yeah, that's what my chiropractor told me. He said every cell in your body has an estrogen receptor. And when your estrogen starts going down, it will affect you from head to toe. Yes, yes, and it can trigger, it can vertigo, the dizziness, so it could just be that in itself. Yeah, I have the vertigo, that's what, I mean, I do sometimes just feel like vertigo. So you have had vertigo? Well, I guess I guess from all But I feel like I was supposed to just stop and just hold on to something until we got back straight. You know, that kind of thing. So maybe I should try some estrogen again, but now I guess you go on a progesterone, right? Yes, because you haven't had a mastectomy. No. Yeah, so you took progesterone before. Yeah, but like I said, it was so early on. But you didn't have any negative side effects as far as like... I think I did have to change. Okay. You can kind of remember what we changed to. I don't remember what he started me on, what we changed to. Goodness, I probably still have the bottle somewhere. I just threw everything in the back. That's okay. So what I typically treat patients with is micronized progesterone, so that's like the bioidentical progesterone, not a synthetic. Yeah, I don't like synthetic. Sometimes, you know how long patients have gone without progesterone really on board? There's maybe about a two-week adjustment as far as most patients. The idea is that it can help you sleep. So you take it about 30 minutes before you go to bed, and it should make you sleepy, help you go to sleep better, help you stay asleep. But some patients may experience a lag, like a daytime grogginess, like it's almost like it's too strong. But that should, over the two weeks, yeah, it's like your body like readjusts. Yeah. Yeah. Now, there's, and progesterone is probably the one that I have to coach patients the most on, and it's kind of odd because it's like, for a long time, it was one of those that like you only have to do it if you have a uterus, but it actually has some really, really good neurological benefits too because it converts in the brain, and it is our, it helps still. helps us not to respond to cortisol as like, you know, off the chain, like, you know. So a lot of times mood and sleep and just kind of tolerability, all of that is a progesterone thing. Right. So, well, no, it's just the sleepiness because it is, that makes people sleepy. Yes. So if you have daytime grogginess with it, usually that works its way out over like two weeks. It's just your body getting used to it. Some patients just never do. Like they're like, no. And they might even start developing a headache from it. Those patients generally don't respond as quickly to the progesterone. Like when they take it, it's like, it doesn't make them just like, oh gosh, I'm ready to go to bed. So those patients really do better if they move it earlier in the evening and then they get a sleep fine. And usually that hangover feeling, it goes away. Yeah. It's just like their body takes them. And so that's kind of a, you know, now some patients go, I don't notice anything. I'm like, okay, well, let's go up to 200. Most patients are on 200 milligrams of progesterone and that's where they see the best sleep and all that. And they don't have daytime grogginess and whatever. The medicine works really, really, really good. I wouldn't say sensitive, but I'm just going to sit down for a while and I'll say, I mean, so it is not going away. And maybe that's why everything works so quickly on me, but a little bit of a long way. Well, let's do the 100 milligrams and see how you deal with that. Now, as far as the estrogen goes, I like a transdermal approach because it doesn't go through the liver. So a patch or a daily gel. So the patch. Switch it out every few days, like twice a week you're going to change out the patch. You're just going to put it here or here, you put it back here on your backside. It's really little. Patients really like it, you don't have to take anything, it's not something else that they have to take. And then the other option is a gel, and you would put that on every day. Most patients like the patch unless they're like, no, I don't like the sticky, I don't want something on me, or I have skin reactions to sticky stuff or whatever. So they'll do the gel. And did you say you change it every few days? Do you know when it runs out? It's every three to four days, so you're going to change it twice a week, and it just kind of depends on your schedule. So when you get your box of patches, usually on the inside of the flap it'll have, like you can circle what days you're doing so you can remember. You know, like Tuesday, Friday, or whatever. Gotcha. That's fine. I think I might rather try the patch first. We'll go ahead and start your estrogen patch. Now, once again, I don't like to start everything at one time. So, what I would like to do is go ahead and send in both, but start the progesterone, and then after like a week or two, then put your patch on. Just so that if you're having any side effects with the progesterone, we can tweak it, and we know that it's that versus not knowing what's causing what. And then we can start the estrogen in about two weeks. The testosterone, so once we kind of see how you're doing on the estrogen and all that, we can add in the testosterone. And usually what ends up happening, because there's no commercially available testosterone, and depending on the route that you want to do your testosterone, it can be a daily cream. It would have to be compounded. So, it would come from the compound pharmacy. Or some patients prefer to do a weekly injection for the testosterone. So if we get down the road and you decide I'm going to do the daily gel, well then I can have your estrogen and testosterone compounded in the same gel so that you're just doing the one gel. But if not, if you're like no, I'm going to do the testosterone injections, then you don't want to do that. I don't want to do everything else. Perfect. Well then what I say we do then, and you can of course always keep using your estrogen patch too if you'd rather do that and then you just have your testosterone gel. So a lot of patients will do that too. But if patients are like, no, I just want to do the one thing, then we can have them compound together. But I do like to kind of stagger this and add in just so that we... Yeah, that'd be good. Once we do get testosterone on board, we redraw labs in about six to eight weeks. And then we can draw labs and see how you're absorbing everything and see about those particular routes. Now, with the hormones we can do, because you're not picking up anything here in the clinic, so we can do virtual appointments. I know you're not super close by. So I would go ahead and send the progesterone. And then in two weeks, you can start the estrogen. And then about four weeks after that, then we would check back in. So that's like a six-week mark, check back in virtually. And then you can have plenty of time to think about the testosterone and whatever. If you change your mind on the injections, we can do that too. And then it can be mailed to you. Testosterone will help with what else? So testosterone, a lot of the symptoms overlap with estrogen, but testosterone we're looking more like sexual desire, energy, fatigue. I mean, that's also energy and fatigue. It will end sexual desire really or estrogen too. Motivation, like just to get up and go. Yeah. I think that's why I'm also getting, I used to work out. I don't care. I mean, yeah. It makes myself go off and I used to just, yeah, it's just gone. Yeah. So, and testosterone also helps with like our body composition because as we transition into menopause, we also start to lose our ability to hold on muscle. And so testosterone can help with that. So if you were working out and you're on, because I have some patients, I mean, nothing's changed. I still work out. I'm here because of the weight, well, whatever, but it's just like I'm doing nothing here. And so testosterone can help with that, too. Yeah, I think I like that. Yeah, I used to just work out and you could see the line start. Yeah. I don't know if I'm doing it now or not. I mean, who cares? Yeah. And that's really like a lot of all of these working together. It's like we lost it and we should replace it. Yeah. So now just let me know too if the progesterone, if you're just like. Like if it does not agree with me, what will happen? So we'll have to figure out another. No, I mean like what symptoms? Just more so that һа... Perfect. That's the main thing. The only other thing I have just like maybe one or two patients and this is the thing though because I have different patients. I'm like, they're right. So typically falls into one of them. But if you notice that you are more agitated with the progesterone. This is a little counterintuitive here, but most of those patients need to go up on their dose because it's almost like it's teasing their brain and their brains like either give it to me or don't get it. Yeah, like if you notice like, hey, I was already agitated because that's what most of the time patients that's what we're trying to fix. You know, they're like, whoa, that I have been worse. So it's like go up because your brain is just like you're just sprinkling it in and it's like I'm getting frustrated. Like either give it to me or not give it to me. I really, I don't think I need that. I don't feel angry or aggravated, but yeah, I will watch. Yeah, but like I said, most patients know pretty quick, but over that two-week period, if they do have that daytime grogginess, it starts to get better and better and better. And like I said, yeah. And that's what you said to take at nighttime. Well, the estrogen is going to be a patch, so you can put it on anytime. But the progesterone. Yep. I think back when I took it before, I, okay, something just came back to me. He had me take the estrogen every night and the progesterone every other night. Does that sound? Of course, that was probably 10 years ago. I don't remember. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, but there are some other options too if we end up having to go like a synthetic route. Some patients just tolerate that better, but not very many. I have one or two patients. I just dropped my dog off at the hospital and she's having a full-blown. She's stressing me out. I just dropped her out. I don't know. It's okay. We're going to wrap this up. I didn't know you had all that going on. I think they have a rash. I've got a wavy thing. Well, and I'm going to give you all. This is your lab report and this is the actual evaluation. And this is the recommendation. So just to go over the last one, what they've been eating. Your cardiac assessment here. Your advanced lipids that we talked about here. And then these are your hormonal patterns that I set below for. Low estrogen, low testosterone. I have a child that will be 20 in December and he goes down. He will be sure to ask what your kids are from. He said I think that's something. He probably doubted it because they don't do this down there. I created this program and I offered for them to use it but they're men and they're like no, no, nobody wants that. I'm like okay, well, you're wrong. Everybody loves to have something to go and actually read up on. These are your metabolic patterns, so the inflammatory burden here, insulin resistance, we kind of talked about that. And then you will see your dietary recommendations. And I'm gonna send you a link to your portal, and it's pretty much a digital of this. And it's gonna have all of this in there, but when you go to the dietary, you can click on those and it will generate recipes. And you can actually, if you wanted to, if you're like, I'm gonna track my mood and my sleep and whatever, you can do that through there, and it will work back in your chart. So we can kind of correlate different things for patients. And then these are the supplement recommendations. Do not just, obviously we're not gonna do all of these, but the Omega Fish Oils, the Berberine, this Glutaclear is really good. So glutathione is our body's natural strongest antioxidant. It helps to... capable of detox because all this trendy stuff has made it like, oh, we're going to do a whatever foot detox. I don't know. I hate saying it now, but like there are detox pathways, the way that things are broken down in our body. And so that is what it is supporting in the liver, like you were talking about, how it's broken down in the liver. So glutathione, that's the precursor there. And so that's a really good supplement. And of course, research all of these, but that helps with like the cellular defense that we were talking about. And then that CoQ10. Avoclear, so glutathione and Avoclear, they're both liver support supplements that help the process of detoxing everything out. So making sure they're going down the right pathways that they're supposed to go down as far as like we break them apart and then this goes out here, that goes out through our GI tract, and this gets, you know, so make sure that everything goes the way it's supposed to. Acromantia, this ultraflora, that's a probiotic. And acromantia actually is a newer, I'll say it's new, I mean it's 5 million years old, but they just found it I guess. But it is a microbacteria that actually supports our body's natural GLP-1, so it can help with weight loss, weight stabilization. It's really good for our menopausal patients for sure. And then this is another one, this ultraflora, night, rest, and digest. That's a postbiotic, so it's not like a pre- and probiotic. It's actually addressing like the GI, the lining of the GI tract, which gets unstable without our hormones. Like I said, estrogen is everywhere, so we've got like the estroblome, which is the estrogen biome in our gut. That gets lost, and so then we have this permeability issue. So that's actually addressing like the GI lining to help with absorption and making sure because the gut, the liver, the brain, it's all in this one. Text message to go out to you in about two weeks. Just to remind both of us just for me to check in on your progesterone and now that you kind of cue to start the estrogen. Gotcha. So I'll just shoot a text back if I'm good? Yeah, let me know if you have any, but of course if you've taken it for three days and there's a problem, text me. Right. Okay? And then we'll schedule a virtual appointment, which will be like a Zoom online type deal. Or if you're going to be back in town, we can do it in person if you prefer, for about six weeks. And then that's where we'll chat more about testosterone and adding it in and decide which way we want to go about it. But I can get that progesterone today. And start with the estrogen. Yep. And honestly, if in a week you're like, I'm good with this progesterone thing, like nothing's going on here, then you can go ahead and start the estrogen. It's not like you have to be on it for two weeks. I just want to make sure that if you do have it, that we can figure it out. It's 100 milligrams, and like I said, even after a few days, if you're like, I don't feel anything at all, then you can take two of them. And that should help with sleep and everything, too. Gotcha. Yeah, sleep is key. I'm sleepy till I get to bed. Well, then that's that wire-tired situation, yeah. And then waking up between 3 and 4 in the morning, like clockwork, that's progesterone. That's not having progesterone. Gotcha. Because that actually correlates with our 24-hour cortisol cycle, so it starts to rise around 3 in the morning. And normally, when we have progesterone on board, it creates this barrier where it's like cortisol's starting to rise like it normally does, but normally we have this barrier of progesterone where progesterone's going, she's not ready yet. It's no, it's no night. It's like, I know, I'm just getting ready. I'm just getting ready. And then it breaks through that barrier at 7 or 8. Every time we wake up, but without that barrier, it's starting to climb. When we get in bed and everything's quiet, we can feel it just being there, the cortisol just being there. And so that's that wired tired and we're like, oh, now I can't shut it off. I'm so ready to go to bed. I need to get all this dysfunction.