Hey there. Sorry about the wait. I'm Morgan. Nice to meet you. Well, what brought you in to see us? Okay, I've got a list of my symptoms. Yay, I love that. Okay. Oh, all right, let's see. Difficulty finding words, can't focus, forgetfulness. Tell me about the muscle weakness. I used to be really strong, but now I'm not. Okay, do you feel like you've lost just muscle tone too, like just more difficult to keep your body calm? Yeah, okay. What about these migraines, is this for news? I had one right whenever I turned 40, and I thought it was like an aneurysm. It happened in the middle of the night, I threw up, and the next day my nose started bleeding. So, I couldn't function. So I went to the doctor and it was a guy and he was like, "You need to do this test." And I was like, "I think it's hormonal." And he didn't, you know, we don't have a test. It turned out to be normal. So I started doing all this research, started taking my mid-heel and then I got better. But I had one a couple months ago. Okay, had another one, okay. And then your cycles, so we're still having a period. Are they like regular as far as like, you know, when they're coming, the timing is still fine, but they've gotten heavier than they used to be or not? They were real heavy and then I started taking progesterone and now they're normally. They're normal again, okay. And then weight gain, so you're fluctuating throughout the month, is that what? Yeah. Okay. I've been taking debt down and I've lost like 15 pounds. Okay, that's good. What dose are you on that? 1.0 every other week. Okay, so you're doing like a micro dose? Okay. Red blood clots, is that like your period? Yeah. Okay, but not anymore, and you're still taking progesterone? Okay, and what dose are you taking? 50. Okay, so you're having it compounded somewhere? It helps a lot. Okay, and then urinary symptoms? That was with the testosterone, I would say. I quit taking it because it made my hair fall out. Okay, and that was a topical? It was a cream. A cream, okay. And, okay, mom and sister and aunt have hypothyroidism. All right, okay. Gotcha. Dad, sarcoidosis, lupus, aunt, sister has rheumatoid arthritis. Okay. I think we have everything here. And then there's questions at the bottom. Okay. Well, yes, we can prescribe you Zetbound or we do offer the compounded terzepatide, which is the compounded of Zetbound. Is it cheaper? It's cheaper than the commercially available, yes. Okay. There's a new one that's supposed to come out in July, and it's like a traffic. Yes, it's not out yet. The retacetide? Yeah, it's not out yet. I'm ready for it. I don't know. As soon as it's out, hopefully we'll be able to start prescribing it because I'm with you. I like it. And then progesterone, yes, we can do progesterone. I can continue to do the 50 milligrams if that's working for you through the compound pharmacy. But I can also send in the compound. It's like, nope, that was not it. We can go back down. There are different types of estrogens, but the main one that we start to lose and the main one that does the heavy lifting as far as our bone protection, our mood, our vasomotor symptoms, hot flashes, night sweats, all that, is estradiol. I didn't realize this until somebody had brought their labs in from an outside clinic, and their estrogen, it just had estrogens. So it kind of clumped all the estrogens in that lab value. And did you test it individually? I don't test all. I test estradiol, but I had that patient go back and have her estradiol drawn, because this is what provider I'm in the clinic too. So she was just mainly collaborating with me for herself. And I was like, oh, well, can you draw your estradiol? Well, her estrogen was like 270. When she drew her estradiol, it was like 50. And it's like, okay, so if we were just taking this 200, ooh, you got plenty of estrogen. If that were estradiol, but it's not. So that's probably where a lot of your symptoms are coming from. Your estrones, that is coming from adipose tissue. That is the main estrogen that we end up with postmenopausal when our estradiol goes away. There's not really a bad estrogen, but that one doesn't help with our symptoms. It's storing our fat tissue. It's storing our fat tissue. It's the strategy against more diet. Yes, and if we're thinking about risk of breast cancer or something like that, because they're like, oh, estrogen causes breast cancer. Well, that's weird that most breast cancers are in patients postmenopausal when they don't have any estrogen, except for they are producing more estrone from fat. She even had basting and increased your risk of breast cancer. So anyway, I think that is more so the story there. What else? So yeah, so we do have different estrogens, but the main one that helps us with our brain, the main one that helps us with our cell functions, as far as insulin resistance goes and that kind of thing, is estrogen. So that's what we look at. Am I not a good candidate for that? No, let's go over your labs. So I'm going to start, and I usually say to hormones to last because that's where we hang out the most, but I do a full look at everything. So your cardiac evaluation, it looks pretty good. You do have some elevated cholesterol levels. I'm sure this is probably not the very first time, but they probably were like, oh, don't worry about that anywhere else. Your LDL, that's the bad cholesterol that builds up. It's usually my recommendation. Okay, perfect. And just making sure that your supplements are third-party tested is the main thing. We carry Metagenix just because I know They are like you can go on their website and look at each individual product and it will actually show you like their testing. So that's why we carry that here just because I know it and I trust them. But a thousand and two thousand milligrams. So you are. Okay, then good. And they are. Perfect. Perfect. Now, what we usually do is we use what's called an ASCBD calculator that's going to calculate a 10 year risk factor as far as having a cardiovascular event. And it takes several of these cholesterol levels, a few different things, and it gives us a 10 year risk. Yours was low. It's 0.6. So that's really good. Now I do look at some advanced lipids. So this LDL that is typically the like what we put the. That's actually a calculation of how much cholesterol these problematic particles can hold, okay? Um, so picture them like a vehicle, but they will implant themselves in the walls of the arteries, okay? Um, so if we're looking at that, that's like trying to say what's our risk of having a wreck on the road, and somebody coming back and saying, well, the average size of the vehicle is a minivan. It's like, well, that's helpful a little bit, but like, how many vehicles, maybe? That would be more helpful. Um, so that's one thing I do look at. It's an apolipoprotein B, so it can tell how many problematic particles overall, like, count them kind of thing. Um, you'll notice when you look at your stuff, it's going to say there's a borderline, but it's really not for somebody with low risk. So you're low risk, they want it below 130. Yours is at 108, so that's good. And I think I saw you have some family history apart Your grandmother and your dad had a heart ablation. Okay, well, good news though, your lipoprotein A, which is a genetic factor that tells us more about like a thrombotic risk, so like strokes and heart attacks, that kind of thing, we want it below 30 years of its six, so that's good. So looking at all of that all together, still not recommending like a statin or anything like that, but the omega fish oils have been proven to lower these, like your LDL, your lipoprotein B, so that will help. Have you heard of CoQ10? Okay, so 300 milligrams of CoQ10 is another recommendation for my patients, just because it's a cofactor that we naturally lose as we age, but it is a cofactor that works at the mitochondrial level of the cell. So cells that need high energy, our heart, our brain, things like that, it's good. And in the studies done on 300 milligrams of pesetan, they saw a decrease in cardiac events. So we carry those two. But you're also another cardiac marker that, well, we use it for cardiac, I use it for other things too, but your CRP, which is a systemic inflammation marker, below one and yours is at 0.5. So that's good. So no systemic overall inflammation. Okay, so that's good. Is that the same C-reactive? C-reactive protein, mm-hmm. Okay. It's been elevated the last time. Like for years. Really? And this one's a high sensitivity one too, so. Okay. So, but it's good now. And I will say, I mean, I use omega fish oils, Mediterranean diet, things like that, lower systemic inflammation. So I mean, not saying that you started in the omegas was like the thing, but you know, could have helped. I mean, it's not the same thing. Your B12, do you take a supplement? Yeah, it's usually half. It is, but that's your supplement, right? Yeah. It is. Is that okay? It's not a water, I mean, it is a water-soluble vitamin, so you're just going to urinate out. So I don't really, I mean, you could probably lower it if you wanted to, but it's not going to hurt you. Your vitamin D was high. What are you taking? I'm taking vitamin D3 with K. Do you know how many units? No, but it's a bad unit. Okay, what if it's like a 10? Yeah, what if it's a 10,000? Whatever you're taking, what I would do, because you're above 120, which we want you, I mean, I like patients to be around 100, so you're not just like crazy, but that is one that where you can get vitamin D toxicity because it's a fat-soluble one. So look and see what you're taking, and you can either get the lower dose or take it like a few times a week. of every day. So if it's the 10, you know, you're taking it every single day. I will take it every day. I will take it every... We'll monitor it. We'll make sure. So if you start to drop, we'll be like, okay, let's increase it a little bit more. Let's do four times a week, okay? Let's see. Your A1C was good. Not pre-diabetic or diabetic. It was 5.1. And then, let's see. Your iron looks good. Do you take an iron supplement too? Yeah, that's what we have here too. So, perfect. Yeah, your iron looks good. The ferritin was good? Uh-huh. Yep, it's at 92. Okay. Yep, no, it looks really good. And then, your red blood cell count looks good. White blood cells look good. Your creatinine was a little high, but that could be dehydration too. It's so hot outside. I don't like to take supplements. Okay. Then that's fine. And it was like 0.01 above the normal. So nothing I was worried about. And then your bilirubin was a little high, but your liver enzymes and everything will look fine. So we'll continue to monitor that and make sure that was probably nothing to worry about. Yeah, because all your liver enzymes look great. So thyroid looks good. So your TSH was 1.47 and your T4 was 1.37. So those are both like really good. Okay, so now hormone wise, so the only thing you're taking now is progesterone, the 50 milligrams. So your FSH, that's your follicle stimulating hormone that tells us premenopause, postmenopause, obviously you're still cycling, you're premenopausal. Your FSH is 6.7. So that's low. That's good. Usually when we get up, like when I start seeing 10s and 12s and things like that as far as FSH, there's no like range for perimenopause, but that's a good kind of indication. Above 25 is like postmenopause. However, the fun part of all of this being a woman is that patients can bounce in and out. You know, so we can be postmenopausal, but then those ovaries kick back on for another round. And that's why we usually don't classify somebody as postmenopausal until they've gone a whole year, 12 months without a cycle. But you are not there yet. Your progesterone level looks pretty good. Now, taking oral progesterone, it's really, really hard to account for that in a lab. But usually I'm looking for it to be somewhere like eight. Otherwise I'm like, well, supplement may help. And yours was at five. So that could be why that. Progesterone might be helpful with your cycles a little bit, but we can increase it in case it doesn't help the mental part too, as far as like the mood and agitation, because I always describe it as like this, like, I mean, it's a stress tolerability that we lose, where it's like, I know that I was supposed to handle, and that was a little uncomfortable, but you know what? I couldn't stop it. It's like that kind of thing, like you're just like, oops, might have done a little much there, but well, it's like you watch the train wreck come in and you can't stop it, but the train wreck is you and so sorry. Yeah, so progesterone can help with that. Now, your estrogen was at 71. That's not super high, and that's not really super low. I would like to see another, because you are cycling, I would like to see a little bit more of a trend before I treat patients with that. Just because, so in perimenopause, what we end up seeing, estrogen will get really, really high, and then it will drop really, really low, okay? Those huge fluctuations really start middle to later perimenopause, but they sneak up on us. And so one thing, how we treat with estrogen is doing like a low, low dose, like transdermal estrogen, like a patch. And what that will do, because your ovaries are still going to do those big, huge spikes, okay? But when they come down, if we have that patch on more that's giving us this level amount, we're not plummeting all the way to the ground, and so that maintains our sanity a little bit better, okay? Do you know, when we have your labs drawn, where you might have been in your cycle and how? I think I started the next day. Okay, so this would be your low, and that's kind of That's their high. It's like, well, you probably would feel better if you had more on board. But just being here alone, I don't know that estrogen is really your issue yet. But that can change in a few months. So that's why we kind of like monitoring. I really like to see a little bit more of a trend on estrogen before I treat with it. And my histol cycling has not, you know. And then your testosterone, let me get it again. These things never turn out in a specific order. Okay. Testosterone, and you had not been on testosterone for a few weeks, right? Okay. So your total testosterone was 40.5. But what we really look at in females is the free testosterone, which yours was at 3. And usually 3 or below, I start to really kind of like investigate that. It's just like less than one. So that means your bioavailability, like what's actually being used, is low. Is there any reason for that? So not really. I mean, it's completely like normal. Your SHBG, which is sex hormone binding globulin, that's a protein that will, it binds your sex hormone, so your estrogen and your testosterone. So it's kind of like how you have 40 testosterone here, but then you only have three that's free. It's like, yes, I have a million dollars, but they're in a lot box and I don't have the key to it. So I only have like three dollars, like dollar bills here that I can spend. You know, like that's that story. The way to lower that sex hormone binding globulin, free up more testosterone, is testosterone. But so, okay, do you know? It was 29 when they tested me. And then they put me on some testosterone and I came back and I still had the same symptoms. So they upped it. The next one was 97. And so my hair started falling out.

Okay, and that was only on topical?

That's right.

Okay. Well, and one thing is, so we don't do oral testosterone, but the topical testosterone does, it will convert more to DHT, which is what can cause that hair loss, versus like an injection would. So you might do better if you did like a really low dose injection if you were okay with doing an injection, which you do your ZepBound, so. Yeah, I'm fine. But it is an IM injection, so it is like a bigger needle. Still totally doable at home. This is kind of the process that men do. Mineral testosterone, they'll do like a weekly injection. Some of us ladies will do like two lower doses in a week, just depending on how you feel. But we always start out with kind of a one once a week. I see how you do with that. If you start noticing like, hey, I feel really good the first few days, but then like I really crash and I really, really crash. Well, it's like, okay, well let's go lower and space it out and do two in a week. And then maybe we won't have that like firm dip like that. But most patients do pretty well once a week and they like that. But that does decrease that DHT exposure. So that could help with that. And I mean, getting up to 90 in a topical, I mean, that was a pretty high, had to be a pretty high dose topical. So I mean, I would imagine that that would, yeah, help that. So We can start, typically my two likes dosing for injections for testosterone. I'll either do like ten, most patients I'll do ten, but then some patients I'll start at like a 7.5, and I would say for you, since you had that experience, let's start at a 7.5 and just see, okay? That's something, so the vial gets mailed to your house from the pharmacy, and there's ten weeks worth in it, and it's $60, but you pay here, I mail, send it, and then they send it to you, it comes with the syringes and everything. You don't have to keep that one in the fridge, okay? But most patients do feel really good on that testosterone, and it's not, does your husband do testosterone or anything? That's a lot of men, but a lot of patients who come here that are doing testosterone, their husband will. Okay, so I'm going to give you your lab to take, but then this is also just kind of the wellness report that I do. So the first few pages are just your lab so we kind of explain a little bit more. And then you'll see like this cardiac assessment here. So there's that point six that we talked about. And then these are your advanced lipids here that we went over. Let's see, your hormone assessment here. So if you're the night flash, night flashes, night flashes, night, always do that. Not a superhero, night flash. But anyway, if you're happy those more frequently or if you notice that those hot flashes are the last two weeks before you start or something that we can track down, then we could cycle like a low dose estradiol patch. Okay, so kind of keep a track of that. Okay, does it correlate with anything or is it random? Three weeks out of the month. Okay. And usually when I don't have it, it's a few days and it's right before I ovulate. And that's when you don't have them. Right. So that's when your estradiol is spiking, probably. Okay, so. But like, like today is the last day of my period, last night I would have had flashes during my period. You are, yeah. So you're only having like a few days around ovulation when you're not having hot flashes. Okay, well, I don't like to start too many things at one time. can help with hot flashes and night sweats too. So I say we start that back up. We're gonna draw labs again in about eight weeks to see what your testosterone is doing on the dose that you're on and see how your symptoms are and all that. And then I'd say at that point, if we're still having some lingering symptoms or they haven't changed at all, and you're still like, nope, it's still the same, then I'd say we go ahead and start your low dose estradiol patch and see if that doesn't help. But you'll notice, so that's why the fluctuating estrogen, that's why, just because your symptoms, not necessarily because we have a track of your estrogen, okay? It's just a potential that could be what's happening, which it sounds like it probably is. It's maybe not a perimenopausal fluctuation, like random and spikes and lows, but you're probably just not quite as efficient in your estrogen as you once were. So when you ovulate, it's a high Thank you. I like it here. Okay. So we can help that. And then your low androgens has SBG, that's for the testosterone. So that's why that's flagged. Now, as far as the metabolic phenotypes here, it did flag you for some early insulin resistancy. I mean, I hate to say it, but that's pretty common in just perimenopause as our hormones start to fluctuate. Estrogen plays a big role in our insulin resistancy. It's kind of, so our insulin is what knocks on the door for the cell to open to let the glucose in for us to use it for energy. Once estrogen is the absence of estrogen, it's like our cells just have earmuffs on and they're not listening anymore, but yet our body is still sending more insulin trying to get that glucose into the cell. And so that's why Our A1c is going to be one of the last things it actually raises, because it's not a glucose problem at this point. At this point, it's an insulin problem. It's just insulin is building up, and that is problematic for a lot of organ systems. So the GLP-1, it helps. It does help with that. Let's look and see what supplements it provides for you. Yeah. Berberine is another supplement that has been shown to help with insulin resistance. Is that something that helps you take it? Okay. Well, you can add that, and you're going to get this list of all of this stuff too. It also has to be a link to your portal, and it's more like a digital form of this. But you can read up on the supplements too, but they're all metagenics. And like I said, being a member You get 20% off here and I can send you our link to the Metagenics website. And once you join up at our clinic, you'll get 20% off there too. Is there any supplement I can quit taking? Because I've been on a commercial supplement. Tell me all the ones that you're taking right now. I brought a basket of them. Oh, when you came in the first survey? Because you wrote them all down. Okay. I've got a hot list. Two-step verification always gets me. Everything wants me to get a code from me. Let's see. Okay, in the meantime though, while this is floating, it's taking me so long. So, your husband has had a vasectomy, okay? Because, and I'm sure you've been on testosterone before, so I'm sure that they went over that. So, testosterone is hydrogenic, and so that's... That's right. And as far as your GLP-1 use, no history of pancreatitis, and no family history of thyroid cancer, like medullary thyroid cancer, or anything like that. Perfect. All right, let's see if she typed them in or where she might have put them. Yeah, she did, okay. So, all right, you take Celexa, five milligrams. Okay, let's see. What is the... Is that a prebiotic or something? I don't think it's doing anything. Okay, I would stop that one. The black cohosh, have you noticed any differences in it? It helps me a little bit. With what? Hot flashes. Okay, and then adaptogenol? Adaptogenol, I started taking that because I had a nervous breakdown and I guess my adrenals were messed up and so it started helping me. So you feel like that one's helping? Okay. So we don't have to come off a bunch of things at one time. So the black cohosh and then the milk thistle? I just started, I just was like maybe it's just random. Okay, and then you take another separate B1? Why would it be B1? Yeah, so let's stop the vitamin B1 and the Fungi 5 and the milk thistle and the black cohosh. And I don't want to like take all these away and add a whole bunch of stuff back, but have you tried, since you like medicine, have you tried the Estrovera? Mm-hmm. Okay, so Estrovera is, it works really, really well. It is a rhubarb, a specific rhubarb extract, okay? But what it does is it's got like a lot of time behind it actually, so that's why I recommend it because a lot of these things, I'm like, oh, I mean, okay. But this actually will, it stimulates the estrogen receptors. So without actually giving you estrogen, it's going to make your body, those receptors are going to be stimulated by this. You can get a lot of relief with those hot flashes and night sweats. One specific patient comes to mind. She's a breast cancer survivor. WGI honestly wouldn't let her have estrogens, but she was taking that and got tremendous relief. So I do know that it does work. So that might be something that you can go ahead and add before starting any kind of estrogen if that doesn't help give you some relief. That I know, I have patients that when they run out, they will be here knocking on the door when they run out of it. So that one, I would stop those others and let's try that one. Okay? And then keep doing the omega officials. And the others, if you wanted to add them in, the berberine and then the CoQ10. And I would kind of like stop there for a minute, you know. Um. And then you'll see your nutritional guidelines here and recommendations. It'll have like specific foods, and it tells you why, like why those are recommended, like what they're going to do for you off of your labs, as far as like the fatty fish, the omegas, lowering the cholesterol, and things like that. And on your app, you can actually click on them. They'll like generate like recipes and things if that's helpful. And then you'll see your list of supplements. So this healthy weight with acromantia, that's a probiotic that acromantia is a specific microbacterium, but it helps support our body's natural GLP-1. So it's a good one for patients that are trying to lose weight. Then there's that Estrovera, your omega fish oils, CoQ10 Burberry, AdvaClear, that is a liver support. So it's going to help. like one and two detox pathways, like as everything's getting broken down and traveling through the liver. So that's what that's helpful for. And then as far as our gut health goes, this ultraflora night rest and digest postbiotic, so you take it at night. It's more targeting the gut lining. Okay, so that one's a good one that you can take it with your other probiotics and things like that, because it's totally different than that. And then just some lifestyle recommendations. So that's what you'll see in your report anyway. What questions do you have? Not just like specific gene mutations and all that. Not routinely, but what are you thinking? I'm just thinking about kids. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, not necessarily. I mean, we can test for like the methylated, you know, things. Yeah. I've also... I don't like to test for it because it's not a thing that majority of patients have had. It's almost like somewhere in functional medicine they like grabbed onto that and were like, "Oh, here." You know, even like I know a lot of patrol people talk about like a steam bar tested for that and it's like 90 something percent of us have had like come in contact with that and once you have it's going to test positive. But like I think that it's like what are you going to do with the information, you know? So it's like, oh, okay, the other one is like, okay, we're going to take methylated B12, methylated folate, or you could just do that anyways because it's bioavailable and it's better. You know, your body doesn't have to break it down, you know, so it's like I prefer that anyway. So, and the Epstein-Barr went just kind of like, I mean, if somebody were having frequent like fevers and like they were sick Okay, but you're talking fatigue and whatever, it's probably, they probably have come in contact with that, probably have positive for those antibodies, but that's probably not, they're probably not having a reactivation of the Epstein-Barr if they're not having fever, like they're not sick, you know what I mean? And so at the end of the day, it's kind of like, so if we know that they have that, we're not gonna put them on like an antiviral, they're not sick, so we're gonna do the same thing that we would do anyway to treat fatigue, you know, make sure they're micronutrients where they need to be and, you know, look at their hormones and make sure that they're optimized, you know? Can you get rid of it anymore? What about, have you ever heard of pyrrole? No, I have to look that one up. Is this for your kid? Yeah. Okay, is it fun? Yeah. Okay, what's going on? Anxiety, ADHD, OCD, extreme fear. Yeah, okay. And you have emotional support? All kinds. All kinds. There was a, so I've got one, my second son, just, he wasn't in so much fear, but it was more like anger and just, it's really ha-ha, it's really a load and just like all over the place and causing problems, like daycare, like when he was younger. And there was, I have to go back in a moment, but it was L-theanine and there were three different ones. I probably still have some of them in my cabinet that are way expired, but I didn't put anything out. Not giving them to anybody, they're just hanging out there as trophies, I guess. I'll have to look to see what but there were three. Maybe a few, I think. And then the... What did he say? But there was another one. And that combination seemed to work well, but he also, like, he doesn't sleep well. Like I mean, you know, he would stay up all night, you know, whatever. But I noticed with him being in school, I mean, he's going to fifth grade now, so we've come a long way. But every, probably like once a week, it's like he, I'll come home from work, and I'm like, I got him to sleep, and I'm like, he's asleep. And he won't wake up until the next day. It's like he just, his body just crashes, like he has this reset, you know? So, I'm... But now, like I said, he has gotten so much better that I don't have anything now other than just a multivitamin tube or whatever, but he did get held back in first grade. But that was like, but now he's in the honors program for English and math, and I mean, they're always like, if I could have 25 of him, I'm like, he's my problem kid. Like, he's the problem. But there's hope. So how many kids do you have? I have two boys. Two boys? How old are they? 14 and 11. I had to open both of that. One's like six. Yeah. About that age. They're like, yeah, they're like a freshman. Yeah, about that. I feel like, you know, those are the ones that do best as adults. You know, their minds always go in, and it's like they just channel it. That's what I tell my third, because I've got four boys. But my third one, I'm like, he's either going to be a serial killer or like the president. You know, I wanted to test some children before, even my own, but we can. ...micronutrients and things like that. I've got a friend, her son is 14, yeah, he's 14, but he's pretty much balding, like male pattern balding, he's like 14, and it's obviously bothering him, and she's been to so many different places, and how all these labs are drawn by Mike, I mean, he can bring him here, and I'll just, it's not like I'm going to be an ongoing treatment resource here, but yeah, we can do that for our members, if you want us to do some of the micronutrients that the NEA or wherever, you know, pediatricians are probably not looking at, because a lot of these kids have never had labs drawn at all, other than a glucose. Because healthcare, we've been tasked to see which western medicines are best for us, for our genes. Yeah, like the gene site test, y'all have that done? That was for like psychiatric meds, so. Have you had that one done too? Where it will tell you which SSRIs or whatever work and won't work. Okay, good deal. And that's one of the ones I do recommend, that one. There's also one for cardiac, for like blood pressure medicines and stuff like that. Because I mean, a lot of times it's like you just trial and error and eventually you'll figure it out. Right. So basically we have a pretty long stibolta, and now I don't know how to get it off because it's got those microbeads and you can't hydrate it. Yeah, it is. I'm afraid it's going to be on forever. Who's prescribing that form? Is it a pediatrician? A pediatrician. And it might be, have y'all gone to like Jackson Psych though, to like a psychiatric? Okay. So I really like Keri Golston. She's at Jackson Psych right here at, it's not Renaissance, it's Township. Like behind Solshine right there. She's got teenage boys too, and she's very relaxed. You go in there and she's just like, hey, what's going on? So I think a very good atmosphere for a teenage boy, and myself. But it might be worth going to her and just letting her do a full eval on him and see what she thinks. Because I do trust her and there's even some newer medications out now that she knows that, you know, you should do this one instead. So I would probably actually start there, especially if you're wanting to get off this Malta and let her. Because once there's a regimen established, then I'm cool with like a pediatric, you know, just follow the flavor, you know. But I would go ahead and let her do it, especially at her age, you know, teenage years. Old enough to figure it out for long term. I'm in high school and college and really figuring it out. So I do recommend that. Can you send me her name? Yes, yes, yes. I'll send you a link. So they're kind of like us as far as you fill out the paperwork and then they'll call you. I'll send you that. I'll text you the link and then text you her name so that you can request her. You're welcome. So this is for you. That's yours. And then I'll send you a link for this. Any questions about what our game plan is? Do you have progesterone left? Okay. Because you can start taking two of those if you want. And then text me and let me know if you're like 100 is actually better. Then I can send in a refill for the 100. If you're like, nope, absolutely not. That was not the move. Then I'll... What compound pharmacy do you use? It's Gai Pharmacy in my home because we don't have one in Mercades. Yeah, okay. We can do that. And then the testosterone is going to come. It's an out-of-state pharmacy. I tried to upload one of the forms, the consent forms that you'll find today. You'll upload your driver's license. So I tried to go ahead and email the driver's license to them ahead of time. They may call and ask for it. We had a problem with patients thinking I go to a scam or something. They shouldn't because I'm going to email it, but who knows. But that will get mailed to you. And then we'll draw labs in about eight weeks. There's 10 weeks worth in that thing. But either way, I can go ahead and refill your testosterone because all we're going to do is adjust how much you're giving yourself. Because we have the same concentration regardless. And then if you're going to start the Estrovera, Yeah, and then see how that does. And if that plus the testosterone, you're like, whew, I'm cool as a cucumber, then let's ride that train. But if not, we'll reevaluate for the estrogen once we get your second set of labs, and I'll have another trend to look at. Does that sound like a plan? So the progesterone, do I take it all throughout the month or just that period? How have you been doing it? I've been taking it every day. Yeah, I would take it every day. Yeah, I would take it every day. Unless you told me that, no, I am just a raging, crazy woman for one week out of the month, then we could target that one week. But so far, I haven't met many of those. Most of us are full-time. Full-time. Yeah, like that's our job. Yep, that's me. I'm like, oh, some people get day off? Wish I could get a day off, but mm-mm. We are locked in. Locked in, unfortunately, for everybody around us. So it's going to be, no, you're going to do it in your muscle. So it's going to be back here in the hip. It's the best place. Now if you get it, okay, I know you're not super close to us, so that's going to be, but if you needed to come back and let us give it to you and show you, we will. Okay. But I can also send you like a little digital guide too. But what I would do, so get some alcohol and you're going to like rub right here. And then I usually will grab the shirt like this and just go straight in right there. And that's it. Okay. It's going to be a one cc syringe and you're going to draw it up to three, three and a half. Okay. So you got 7.5. And then if we increase to the 10 milligrams, then you're going to go to 0.5. But it should say what to draw it up to on the instructions. Okay. Another thing just both patients have been like, oh, this one has five doses in it. It'll say five on the vial, on the outside vial thing, the pill bottle that comes in, that's five milliliters. So that's 10 weeks worth at the 10 milligrams. So you should have actually a few weeks extra in there. Okay? Because one patient's like, I'm gonna be out. And I didn't think, and I just sent a refill and pharmacy's like, it's too soon, because it's controlled. She's like, it's too soon, we can't fill this yet. And I was like, hang on a minute. And I was like, what about the patient? How much have you been getting yourself? Because I, there's a .5, and I was like, okay. Well, then you're not, you should, are you already out? Because you should not be out. She was like, well, no, but I, you know, I've given myself three, and it says that there's only five of here. And I was like, and then I realized it was the five milliliters, and she was thinking five doses. And I was like, okay. Well, let the patient know about that, because I can see the confusion there. So what do you do? I'm a speech therapist. Oh, awesome. And I have to. I mean, people all day because we are there. I do all the evaluations for the district. So I'm having meetings all day, every day. I pretty much quit seeing kids and I just do the meetings with people. And so it makes me more stupid whenever I can't find words to say. Yeah. That's my biggest thing. Yeah. Let's get these four months. Did you notice it was any better on the testosterone that you were on? I was good for about three days. And then I just started feeling the same way after that, just going down. Okay. Let's start this and see how we go. And I may add in a DHEAS into your next set of labs. How's your energy level? Okay, nothing. So there's another hormone that we don't really test, but it's pregnenolone. It's the mother hormone, so it is what converts into our progesterone, and then it converts into DHEA, which converts into estrogen and testosterone. Progesterone, we take at night because it makes it go to sleep, or sedating, but pregnenolone is more stimulating. So when I have patients, and this is me, it's like I feel like a zombie. I wake up, I get dressed and stuff, and then driving to school, I'm like, I can just go. I just feel like a zombie. Sometimes that pregnenolone can help. It's kind of like, even though we're on testosterone, it's still, we need that. It's more neurostimulating, and it does. So we can also maybe try that too. So we'll keep that in our pocket as a future consideration as far as estrogen and pregnenolone, but we'll reevaluate in about eight weeks. Now, as far as the GLP-1 goes... I just revealed this today. Okay, that's fine. So have you been... So because you're doing that lower dose, has it been lasting you more than a month? Yes. Okay, it's been lasting you two months or so or how? Yeah, about two months. About two months, okay. So if you wanted to... So our trisepatide, which is the compound of the... Normally it's $300 a month, but that's for the one point... No, sorry, the 2.5 milligrams, okay? So what we've started... So what you would do is we could break it up into the one. 1.25 or whatever. So it's like you'd have eight and it'd be $300 for the two months. Is that about what you've been paying? Yeah, it's $2.99. Okay, yeah. So it's probably about the same. Let me look at that since you're doing that microdose. I might, let me see what if I can, because it's almost like a maintenance dose. That's probably another reason why I'm having energy because I'm hardly eating. Yeah, and that is, and so I do like the GLP-1s for their metabolic support, but we do have to really focus on protein. Protein, protein, I know it's hard and I'm not. How many times do you? Yeah, so I started doing called pachava. If your phone's listening, you'll probably see all the Facebook ads and all, but it's a protein powder, but it's actually, it's a full meal. But it's got the 20 something grams of protein, but it also has... And it's got the greens in it too. I was looking for all the protein, but I wanted the greens too, and I need to get everything in, but I also might eat a meal at night, and I might snack on something at lunch, so I'm not eating enough, I'm not drinking enough either. So first thing in the morning, I will do one of those, and it has helped. It's helped a lot. I can tell I went to the beach for a week, and I was like, I'm going to take my power, no, I'm not going to be that person, I'm just going to leave it here, whatever. I was wanting it. I was like, I feel like moodier, grouchier, whatever, and a lot of that, some of it comes from getting 20 to 30 grams of protein within 30 minutes of waking up. It helps our body stabilize, and our brain, obviously, but it helps our body to know, okay, we're going to start the day, so then hold on to things, and it's like, okay, we're safe. But that helps our mental processes too. But too, I think the adaption and the greens help with just mood as well. So that might be something. I just do the vanilla, but they have like a ton of different flavors. And one thing that attracted me to them, you can get me with a lot of things, but I'm like, all the funding that they're making, have I made a single fun thing out of it? No, I just mix it with my water and put it with some ice in the blender. I think I might have some of that. Really? Oh, that's funny. Okay, so I'm gonna go let Brittany know what we're doing. And then she'll bring your forms in here. We'll get your membership set up. I'll send in your prescription. How many progesterones will you say? Do you need a refill of it right now? Probably. Okay. I'm just thinking if I should go ahead and just send in 50s for now. Or do you want me to do the 100? I might have a week left. You want me to do a week of these things? Yeah, I'll go ahead. Let me just go ahead and send in the hundreds, okay? Because your insurance should pay for the hundreds. Okay. They're not going to pay for the fifties. They probably haven't been paying for the fifties. Yeah, so, I mean, worst case is that the hundreds don't work and the insurance pays it out anyway. You know what I mean? Yeah. Instead of making you pay out for the fifties when the hundreds work, then we'll do that. So do you still, what pharmacy do you want to use? Because it can go to any pharmacy. Walmart Brookhaven. Okay, Walmart Brookhaven. Perfect. All right, ma'am. Perfect. Well, it was nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. And we'll set up an