Hello! How are you? Great. Great. Thanks. We're always moving stuff around. Sorry. I've been moving things a lot and again. Yeah. I've been moving things a lot. I'm like, you know, with the dolls, but I haven't thought yet. I love it. No, but me and Kim, like, we're, you know, because she was in here, but she's, like, part-time, and it just, I'm like, well, the good room is not utilized, so. Yeah. Anyway, so let's go. I have totally forgot to send you, like, the intake form. Well, if you want, if you want to still send that to me. No, I can just ask you the questions. Usually, I just have, like, you know, that little history stuff, and I was like, usually I never, like, stray away. Like, okay, so you're going to have some assault, and I try. Well, it's probably also because it's at... But I have noticed the ADD has been worse. Even from when I talked to you and scheduled, I came last Friday, well probably mid-week, maybe on Wednesday, I had a really bad migraine. And when I get those migraines, it almost feels like I woke up and I'd been out drinking the night before. I had a hangover. I started spotting two days ago. And now back to the day I'm having a period. Well, if we back up, and I never really tracked my period that well, but I do know that probably within six months ago, it was at the end of the month, and it slowly crept forward. And so I feel like today being the 12th, we're looking at two weeks early. And then sometimes, too, I have a spotting day for the next week is what actually happened. So like today I kind of feel in that beginning of like the days, all the time. I would get those too. And it's when I would always be starting my nap almost. And I would let my hair turn on fire. I had my hormone panel checked probably back in March. And everything was read normal except Vitamin D actually flagged. But it was all on the low side. Like everything was low. Do you remember? I have. I knew you had it. You could have that comparison. So you said that was March. I think it was March. So about three months ago. Yeah, that's good. I can just enter those in. And then that way I can put those in too and then they'll trend with what I have today. Okay, what's your email? You can send it to Morgan at womenswellnessms.com. Well, in here, I've got like more in women's wellness to match, more in new care, more in men's health, more in MD Peman, but they all go to the same inbox thankfully, otherwise it can't be done that to me. Okay, I also have a, okay, here we go. I just sent you a forward and then I sent you one. So there's the HRQ app and then there should also now be, I think, no, I do have a thyroid lab panel. Let me see. Did you get it? Yep. Does it have thyroid in there? Oh, well, it's got your TSH. It's only got your TSH. Okay. I didn't do a thyroid. So, we do the TSH and the T4. Okay. So, we do like a little bit and then we investigate if we need to, but at least to get like, yeah, to start with anyways. Let's see. Mike's already gone with me from the lounge. What? Oh, just because like I had increased something like Kim used to do and I'm like, well, I just needed it. So, sorry. Like I want to run more. So, I'm trying, but then again, not every patient is, you know, wants to see, you know, their peers. You know, just like I was helping someone over here recently and I was like, well, maybe we can do a test. And she's like, do I really want to know that? I mean, that's fine. Okay. Well, I'll try to parse that thyroid later, but you do have the TSH, which is that line. I thought that I obviously had a full thyroid panel. Yeah. And really everything there was just on the, I'd say, on the normal to lower end. Do you, you probably don't remember any about where you were in your cycle with this? I was probably a week, a week in here. No, like for the March one? I was probably a week before. Before you started? Okay, so about the same. Because I was still in that same like heavy head. Okay, so about the same. I was about the same. All right, gotcha. Okay, because again, we were like, oh. Yeah. Okay, so just looking at all your labs, so. Uh-oh. Sorry, I don't have any paper towels. It's okay. Wait, how do I get this out? What is it? Okay, so normally what I do is I'm just going to go start through all your labs and then we'll circle back to like everything else. And I'll expect four minutes or less. So I'm going to give you all this. Your cholesterol panel looks pretty good. Your total cholesterol is a little high at 200 and your LDL was 117. Does that mean I have more inflammation happening right now? So no. Your C-reactive protein was actually good. We want it below one. It's at 0.8. So your systemic inflammation looks okay. We also... You're doing the functional lab stuff, right? You're learning. Yeah. Okay. I don't want you to be like... Honestly, treat me like everybody else, because I'm looking at it in different ways. Okay. I'll do that. You can stop me. My labs were good this last year. While I was talking. Okay. So this all looks okay. You know, given your age and everything, what we do is we run what's called an ASCPD score. And that is, it gives you a 10-year and 30-year risk factor of having a cardiotoxicity. Yours is 0.4, which is low. We want it like below five. Yours is number one. Your overall cardiovascular risk is low. My problem with that is all of these tests were calibrated on men. All right, so that's good for just a base. But one thing that I always look at because our LDL and our non-HDL, those are our bad guys, those are little problematic guys. Those measurements are actually a measurement of size, so an average size. So we're talking about like what's our risk of having a wreck on the road? And then they give us, well, the average size of a vehicle is a minivan. We're like, cool. But do we just have one minivan? Like what are we talking about? So I always look at the apolipoprotein B. That is actually a calculation of how many problematic atherogenic particles we actually have. So it's a better, like now we're like, okay, now we know we have this many vehicles on the road. High-level and average high school too, because if we've got like this many agent rollers, we have a higher chance of having a wreck. Yours is 84. For somebody with low risk, like I said, you're low risk, so you're in that category, we want it below 120. Yours is 84. Okay. So this 90 here that it's showing, that is just my high risk with all tighter control because they're already at higher risk. So overall, you're looking good there. Your lipoprotein A, this is a genetic factor. Yours is elevated. So we want it below 29. Yours is at 68. Do you have a family history of cardiovascular events, stroke, heart attack? I feel like on my dad's side there may be, but he's always gotten that check because there's some family history, but then again, his father passed of an accident. Okay, gotcha. But he's been okay. Yeah, okay. So this right now is something that there's emerging data. We're going to start researching. It is genetic, and they say that we can't change it. That's not necessarily true. But yeah, that there'll be things coming out. But either way, the reason that I look at this is not to say, okay, so you're at risk, but there's something we can do about it. It's more so to say we have this risk factor that shouldn't be, and you get that. So while right now there may not be a medication that can cure it or fix it or lower it or whatever, we can adjust what we're doing to the other things that we know we can control. Which is our regular cholesterol, our A.C.O. lymphocotin B, our LDL, and all of that. Now, what supplements do you take? I know you take some things. I really right now am only taking the Primal Queen Beef Organs, and I'll do the... You know, you can even have like omegas in it, omega fish oils. You know I love you. I always recommend like right now for most of my patients, really, I mean, the thousands of thousands of milligrams of high quality omega fish oils. We carry the Metagenics here. And of course, I know you'll research your stuff. But I like the Omega Genics 1000 or whatever and take two of them. And then also another good thing is the CoQ10, the 300 milligrams. I'm getting older, so my body needs it more but I'm just leaving it more. Right, it's something that naturally depletes as we age and it is a cofactor, so it's at the mitochondrial level. So a couple mitochondria support there. So I always take the omega fish oils and then a 300 milligram of the omega, I mean the CoQ10. I have looked for a different brand that's just as good and third-party tested and all the things for cheaper, and I can't find one. So I'm like, it just is what it is. Like, I mean, I think with... Do you get wholesale from the dentist? I have a full script. Okay. And so, yes. Okay, yeah, okay. So I think... Should I make a note on her email? No, I'm gonna send you an email. Okay. Because you know I can't. Yeah, no, no, it's fine. And honestly, these didn't even, like, flag. This is just something that I like. I like. It does. I swear I looked at it. It did flag. I mean, it did flag for... Yeah, no, it put it on your list. For some reason, I think I just got sidetracked when I was looking at your supplements. Okay, yeah, no, it's on there. So, that's our cardiac panel. Like I said, your CRP is low. Your B12 is good, getting that in, and your folate's good. Your general health panel looks pretty good as far as your blood count goes. So let's see. Your BUN, that's a kidney thing, is a little bumped. It's 23. That may be hydration, though, summertime. I think so, yeah. Yeah, all of me was pouring out. Yeah, I think I was getting regular heat. Liver and kidneys look good. Your thyroid is at 1.43. I think your TSH was that on this one. Okay, these are different measurements. That's what I was about something. Okay. Because I have been worried that I've been at risk of Hashimoto's down the road. Mm-hmm. I don't have, honestly, I don't even have an industry. I just have more of a hunch. Mainly I have Epstein-Barr and I don't know. I just feel like the last few times I checked thyroid over the last two years, it just was somewhat on the lower end. And with me having Epstein-Barr, I've just felt like it's a connection. Your TSH has been lower? Yes, TSH. So the TSH, if it's low, that's hyperthyroid. That's true. It's backwards. That's true. Which that's what I was looking at on here. It was lower. 0.884. Now, judging lab to lab can be different too. But the TSH we ran was 1.43, which is actually really good. Like it's perfect. But yeah, I did notice that. I was like, hey wait, are we measuring the same? different metrics. This one's like unit per milliliter and ours is milliliter per liter. So I don't know what that would convert to. I have to do some math. But anyway, but we have your TSH is 1.43. That's good. These ranges obviously are standard ranges. I look for it to be below 2.5. So it's nice. But I'll be with that. Your T4 was 1.09. So that's good. So nothing like, I'm like, let's check something else. Let's do another thing. Let's check antibodies. We could totally do that if you wanted to run your full thyroid panel again. We can do that just for peace of mind if you want. But nothing in here is indicating. No, not even like looking at it from a functional range. So I think you're good. But thyroid is one of those that can change. It's also hormonal. So like Yeah, it's more about like, just in general, risk of autoimmune issues basically. Now your ferritin, I was not laughing, but I was like, this girl runs all these tests on these people and she's walking around with ferritin of 23. What are you doing? I don't know. I can do it myself. So that's me, I'm like, I don't know how to do that. I have pretty bad gut issues. Like I've always had leaky gut, I struggle with that and I feel like I haven't been able to pinpoint like what's been depleting the iron in my ferritin storage bank, honestly. Yeah, so yeah, your ferritin is definitely low, which that triggers a lot. I mean, because our body, this is silly, but I mean, it's the only way to describe it. It's like toilet paper in the cabinet. If we're down to one, like that stresses us out. Like, I mean, I know we have a whole roll left, but these two are probably for us. Yeah, right. I mean, honestly, for myself, like knowing that, okay, so now what we talked about so far is that my inflammation is not high, my thyroid is good, some elevated cholesterol. Yeah, but nothing like, right. And then fear to know is really low. So now what else we got? Vitamin D is what? Yeah, that is a huge player talking about here. They don't get enough credit. No, they don't get enough credit. But like the ADHD-ness, the brain fog, the forgetting like, what am I trying to say? You know, that kind of thing. Can't remember your cousin's name. That, so yours was at 23, like 25, 25.7. Should be at what? I like it to be 80 to 100. Yeah. And I'll tell you this, like, yeah, and like I can treat patients with hormones all day long. And because that's what a lot of them are here for. And I sit there and beat the vitamin D horse. And they won't listen. And then finally, they do. And they're like, hey, okay, those hormones were helping, but like this vitamin D, like you would have thought I gave you my crack. You know, I'm like, I told you, I told you, like it makes a huge difference. Even patients who are taking like chemo and they have like chemo brain, the vitamin D like it's like a lifesaver. So it doesn't get its credit. It acts like an hormone. So when people are like, I just let my hormones are off. It's like maybe but like I just learned that even sending in the D3 to the pharmacy, it's like a 50,000 unit once a week, it does not perform as well as the D with the K2. And vitamin K itself has its own benefits. Yes, it helps absorption, but it has its own anti-inflammatory properties too. Does it help with our calcium in our bones? The vitamin D does, yeah. Your vitamin D actually absorbed, which vitamin D is what keeps it in the metabolic pathway. Yeah, so patients who are just taking calcium, they can, you're actually just increasing your risk of cardiac stuff because it's just floating in your blood. Well, I mean, I'm like, I don't want to overwhelm you, but here's 10 things that we really need to address. I know. So this is going to tell you 5,000. Okay, I would do the 10, honestly. I mean, I do 10. I would take it every day. We can recheck the labs and see where you get to, but once it levels out, even, you can take it like a few times a week. Me, I'm from its training, so I'm like, well, if I'm hitting it a few times a week, then I'm still maintaining, you know, but that's something that I've told patients all the time, like with our age and everything. I'm like, nothing happened. There's no acute something that happened. So it's like, no, you shouldn't keep taking it. Like, we're not going to get better at that. It's something that our body is not, you know what I mean? Especially us women. There's some people that are just predispositioned that just never fully absorb or make enough. Especially if you have gut issues, like, I mean, that's where everything is absorbed anyway. So it's going to be like. So you might as well take this 10,000 milligram. Yeah. And then your ferritin, it's up to you because I know you've got your preference on different supplement things. I can just put it in a prescription, like, Acryfer is the one that I kind of prefer. Insurance doesn't love it. So I just put it in the leaf pharmacy. I always have to do a PA on it, which I'm willing to do. But even if the insurance decides they're not going to cover it, which a lot of them do, you get like some. But it seems to have less GI side effects. Because iron is one of those that people just don't tolerate well. So why do you think my ferritin is low? So the thing is, with all of this, your gut absorption, we're bleeding humans. So once a month we're going to bleed again. And that's why doctors would just leave women's ferritin because they're like, I mean, it's not going to bleed again in a month. It's like, you're an idiot. So they're okay, borderline. Is it because it keeps pulling from us? Yes, so that's what it is. So we're not absorbing enough. So your body has it. Your body's like making the iron. It's like putting things together. But it's pulling from Ultimately, it's a chain reaction. So we've got our storage, our liver, we've got the iron that floats around in our blood, we've got the iron that actually is saturating our cells and going in, and then we have our H&H. Most of the time, doctors are not going to check a ferritin until the H&H is low, until we have signs of anemia, which you're not anemic. So that's why normally they wouldn't even check that. But what happens is our storage gets low. So this is going to kind of start to slowly, slowly drop. But our ferritin, our storage is going to be low, and our body feels that. So we start reacting to it. So and you know this part, it's going to start prioritizing. And that's so that the iron in our blood that's going to our vital organs and all that is prioritizing those. So our ferritin, our storage can be low for like a long time. Our body is just super, super awesome at compensating. That's what it's trying to keep us alive and it does a great job because we don't treat them right. So our storage can be low for a long time while our iron in our blood is actually just doing the best it can to feed the things, to keep our H&H up. And then eventually, just like anything else, it's like if you have a system and the base of it is struggling but it's still working, so everything that we're looking at looks okay. Eventually, if it went break, then the next thing starts to break, then the next thing starts to break. So I think ultimately it's an absorption problem for us ladies. It's both. It's an absorption problem and it's our... I'm sure you eat better than most women. It's a dietary issue. And we're not supplementing it either. So we're not giving it to our body. And we're expecting it to make it from nothing. So there's that. But then absorption is a huge issue because our body doesn't love to absorb iron. That's why they are seeing that taking your iron supplements, this isn't exactly true for Acrofer because it's a different kind, but like if I were just to send in straight iron, like the 55 F, so pure iron, which I do sometimes, it's just hard on people's gut. I tell patients you take it every other day, every other day with a vitamin C supplement, because the body will absorb it better that way. Acrofer is a little bit different, so you can let me know which way you would go with that. But ultimately, I think it's just multifactorial. It's absorption, and then we're bleeding, and that's why we just aren't being able to get it and keep it. with when I did my labs thing, this was one week before. I think that's the best one you've had. Yeah, this is the best one you've had. Well, it's now you're bleeding. So it's probably lower. So you probably feel worse. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Your A1c is 5.6. That's not technically pre-diabetic range. I like it to be below 5.4.
I felt like my sugar metabolism is off because that was really too, right? Yeah. I mean, and that's what like, so I have an insulin resistance screening in this and I needed to adjust. That's what I was doing. That's what got me looking at things because I was like, just do not flag yours. And it should have, because I was going back to look at something, because when I change one thing, it's like I break something else. But anyway, I think Did you do something because like all the patients are gone? They're just hiding. I was like, no, I know, I was adding on our order and referral forms and things and whatever. I was like, in just a minute, they should reappear. They're just hiding. I don't know what I did. My phone is screaming, cannot even show up on here. But anyway, looking at all of this, I think that you are early stages of insulin resistance. There's just several different factors, you know, yes, you're LDL, but more so your A1C being where it's at and everything. And you'll see some supplement recommendations in here. I'm sure that's related back to my hormones too, right? Well, so we can go ahead and just dive into your hormones because I think we've gone through everything else. Your hormones actually don't look bad. Historically, I was always really low I figured. Okay, so your FSH is 2.6, which is good. Okay, that's your best tell of premenopause, postmenopause, lower is better. It goes from our brain to our ovary, so it's what's saying ovulate. Your FSH, your follicles. So brain to the hormone, so it's hollering, it's like, hey, fleece that egg down there. And when it happens, it gets the feedback. When our ovaries start to dysfunction and they're not looking or not releasing the egg, then that starts to build up. It's like telling your kids to clean a room and they have earphones in their room. We just have to get louder, louder, louder. That's what our FSH does. So right now, and on here, on your last one, you were at 4.5. So we're looking like when you get to like 20, that's when we're like eh, there he is. But also it doesn't ever typically run in a straight line because our ovaries will kick back on and then we'll drop back down and then you know. Right now it was 2.6. And it needs to be where? Low, that's good. It's higher and you're closer to varying post. Post is like over 25. So like you're low. Your estrogen was at 90. I hate how these all turn out. Like can you leave these together please? Where is it? Estrogen. And with PCOS, usually testosterone is high. Well, yeah, I was expecting to see your testosterone higher than it is. Just because of what I felt like your symptoms and everything, I felt like we talked about it before, and I was expecting like PCOS slash perimenopause slash detox clogging. Right, so here I am being like, what the hell is wrong with me? Yeah, because like, really, I mean, your hormones and even your progesterone is at 12.5, which is good because there's not a big gap. When I'm looking at a gap, it's like our progesterone is, like if your estrogen could be mine now, but your progesterone is going to be like less than one. So that's a gap to me. That makes a gap. Now when full on like later perimenopause, this later transition, it's like your estrogen could be 300 and your progesterone less than one. So that's even a bigger gap. But ultimately, nothing about any of your labs looks like you're clogged. Because a lot of times I'm recommending like, I don't know if you're familiar with the Advocare. clear, the phase one and two detox. But nothing in here really is flagging that for me. This can change. That's why we were talking about wanting to do another one, do like some like a series. But your testosterone... And let me tell you this too. Historically, especially over the last 10 months, I sweat and I stink. Yeah. I mean, I smell so bad. If I don't keep you, you're gonna come aside with me. And even when we were having a team meeting on Laura Brown, I was like, oh my gosh, no, I'm sorry. And like my hair goes really crazy. So like, is that related back to anything? I would think that that would probably be high testosterone, which your total here is 34.8, which that's not even, that's not like, well, we're optimizing testosterone. Yours is like 34.8. But I will say that's higher than the average woman that comes in. So usually we're not at the floor with it, but it's not. And even like your free testosterone, which is what we look at for females because it's like, are you familiar with SHBG? So it binds up things. So just because we have a total testosterone of 34, that doesn't mean we're using it if our SHBG is high. It's like saying, well, I mean, I've got a million dollars. But it's sitting. Yeah, it's like we can't use it. It's not available to us. But your SHBG is okay. It's a 52. I'd say that's like borderline-ish. In my book, it's kind of borderline-ish. Yeah, on here it's slightly less optimal, but like one thing, well, it's actually okay because you're about 70 is where I'm like, you know, which is well within the normal limits according to the labs because it's like 122. But that's where women start to like not be able to use their hormones. So you're actually pretty good on that. Your free testosterone is at five. That sounds really low, but for females, like when we're optimizing, if we're getting it from like a one to a five, like we're like, okay, they're feeling better. And then your bioavailable is 11, which is actually higher. So you've got testosterone, but that could be sweating the oiliness that you're experiencing. It's just our testosterone is a little bit higher. You think that's high? Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Like you're like these free numbers here and bioavailable numbers here are like what we're fighting to get women to after, you know, perimenopause and postmenopause. So the only thing you could, and I don't know, it's like we would have to get to know each other better as far as your labs or in terms of some goes. And I don't think I would recommend this right now, but there are some like kind of, so estrogen will increase your SHBG. So it will lock up some of your hormones, right? That usually is never what we're trying to do because as we get in perimenopause and postmenopause, we're trying to figure out a way to unlock our hormones. But for this picture, and a lot of times, so testosterone is going to lower the SHBG. So at some point, if we do your labs again and you're still struggling with it and our testosterone is still staying low, Maybe kind of cycling like a low dose estrogen patch might help to increase the SHBG, which is not typically what we're trying to do. We're trying to give people estrogen, but that's not our goal is to increase the SHBG. But it might help to lower the androgenic effects that you're having. It's kind of ad hoc, but it's something that we have to think about. But I would kind of want to see another set of labs at a different timing. It would be flabbergast right now if you were like, do some things supplement-wise, do another panel and see where you are. I know I've got these from March, but I like to see them from the same lab just for like, I know that we're working on apples to apples kind of thing. Even if like in a few weeks, like you started now, so maybe like in... Two weeks if you wanted to draw your labs again, that'd be like your ovulation-ish time maybe, somewhere where things were getting higher, so we could see how high your estrogen is. Because that's one thing, like right now you're at 99, which is okay. I don't think a low-dose estradiol patch would raise you too much. Like I'm talking like 0.025, you know? I don't think it would raise you like crazy, but I want to see what your high range is, and then we would kind of know because it may be something that like is cycle. You know, like if you're tracking your symptoms here and you're like, okay, well, I'm actually not stinky and sweaty all the time. Like, you know what I mean? If it's cyclic, yeah, if it's cyclic, it may be something that we can figure out during these labs. Like, okay, her estrogen is actually dropping, or her estrogen is dropping, and that's when she feels like she's greasy and smelly. And it's like I said, if we can pinpoint when that is in your cycle, that might be when we put the patch on for those times and kind of calm that down a little bit, kind of balance it out. You sleep okay? I know you got babies, but... Yeah, I mean, it's more... I don't know how much I get into REM sleep. Heavy dreaming. But I'm not like awake. I'm very much like half aware. Yeah. I think that's situational because of the kiddos. I don't really think it's the kids as much as it is. I don't know what it is, honestly. I'm really bad about, you know, working on my computer until midnight. But I have gone through phases where like, you know, 4 a.m. I have to pee. It's not something like that. Okay. But I'd say somewhere in the like 4... I am probably like halfway aware. You take magnesium? I know, I'm not good about making it. I'm half in the caffeine. Yeah, I'm terrible feeling. But when I do take it, I feel really good and I sleep very good. So all in all, I mean, your labs look pretty good. There's obviously some recommendations for some supplements. And you'll get this, so this is just more of the same here, just laid out differently. Kind of explain some things. Mm-hmm, yeah. And then this is that cardiac assessment that we talked about. So this is your 10-year, maybe 30-year risk factors there, where you went over. And then those are those advanced markers that we talked about. So your ApoB is good, LPA is elevated. And then you got your iron deficiency. It does recommend some foods. I'll send you your link to your portal and when you're in there you can actually click on the patient and generate some recipes for you if you want. But it tells you what according to your labs, it has lots, lots offering those suggestions. Here are your supplements though. This is the hemogenic, that's the metagenic iron. For somebody who is truly like iron deficient, it's an option. It's not as strong as like the acroferr or even the just straight iron supplement. But if it comes down to, because those can be GI upsetting, this patients do handle better. Is it something to take twice a day? This is the metagenic. Yeah, so it suggests that on here because it's not going to suggest like actual prescriptions on this printout. So I'll send in the acroferr. I think it's a cup. It's got to be a cup. Not me. No, absolutely not. That's so funny. But for patients who can't tolerate the prescriptive ones, this one does. They can tolerate it better. So it's not as strong, but when it comes down to something that we have to find something that patients will actually take and get away. So it is still an option. Your vitamin D, it's got the 5,000 on there. I would start with a 10 just to get it up. Berberine, are you familiar with it? I mean, a little. I couldn't tell you. Yeah. So it's good for sugar regulation. So I actually do the research on it. It's one of those I am. What about that versus that myo-inositol? I'm not sure about that one. I just know it's another supplement. I mean, inositol is a vitamin. But myo-inositol, M-Y-O-inositol, I know it helps with... Yeah, so they're going to work through. The v8, it does moderately help with insulin resistance, but it's focused more on hormones like for PCOS and that kind of thing. The berberine, it works different. It's more potent, but it is actually going to lower your lipids. So they're working for different pathways. But so it's focused on more cholesterol, like that aspect of it. got it. Yeah, so sugar regulation, but it lowers your cholesterol levels too. So like as a recap, you're basically saying like starting now, I could start with some of these supplements and then we would say in two weeks enough time, it's enough time to at least see where my estrogen and different things are. Yeah, tracking that is for sure. We may not see significant changes in your cholesterol, but you know, and I would honestly probably wait to, I would probably just do like just your hormones and see that in two weeks. And then depending on what we do, but just in very probably like three months, check like the other stuff again and see how these supplements are working for you. I'm not worried necessarily about estrogen compared with cancer. What I worry about is if it's something that I would have to start doing, do I have to just, you know. Not necessarily. It's not like taking like a corticosteroid where your body shuts off and stops making it because we've been supplementing it. It's not really like that. And we are talking, so that's what happens when you take oral birth control. Yeah, so that's like super physiological, like high, high doses to shut off our ovaries. That's what oral birth controls do, and they're synthetic. So menopausal, not saying menopausal, but what we use is bioidentical, but they're such low doses. And that's why it kills me when patients come in there. On a birth control pill for perimenopausal symptoms, there may struggle, yes, they're filling up and down and whatever, but they're also like low libido and all these things. I'm like, you just shut off their ovaries. So yes, it stabilizes the hormones because now the only thing the body's getting is the synthetic ones that are coming through that pill, but you're not able to have this natural ebb and flow in your hormones. And that's what, just not to get all philosophical, but you can't be happy if you're never sad. And it's like you can't feel good if you never feel bad. You have to have an ebb and a flow. You just have to. Or birth control does not. And then it makes people just so flat and it causes vaginal atrophy. But hey, you don't have any kind of fluctuation, so you're just like, I don't want anything. So I really don't want it now, you know? That just like kills me. So I'm like, no, we can, you know, we can modify things. And not to mention, the body's going to continue to age, you know? So your ovaries, like your hormone production, everything, what we're looking at right now, in like two years, is going to look totally different anyway. So it's not like, would it be something that you'd have to continue for the rest of your life? I mean, we're looking at more like different doses, just different. Different, yeah. Play with it differently. But that's what, so. But it's not necessarily, so in your opinion, and I know you're prone to having things that help, in your opinion, it's not that. Where am I even going with this? It's not like I'm starting too early. No. It's almost like I want to start Botox yet, and I started it at age 21 a little too early. I don't really have any. You're saying, like, what we're looking at right now. We're just trying to modify symptoms with it right now, but two, they're finally starting to do research on women's hormones, what they're actually seeing. So the whole, like, oh, estrogen is going to kill everybody and cause me to have heart attack and dementia and all this stuff. Like, yeah, really not what the study showed. But anyway, what they're seeing is starting hormone therapy within 10 years before we go into... Well, it helps to... So what we end up seeing is, like, when we get to menopause. We have gone through, it could be a decade of perimenopause and then later transitioning, where we have these huge crashes. It's not the increase in estrogen, it's probably the crash in the estrogen where it drops out. And we've gone these times where we don't have any estrogen. And then if we go through later perimenopause where it's been lower, like let's say we're still making it, and the doctor's going to tell old men like, well, you're still making estrogen, it's 30, there's 20, you're still making it, you're still fine, still normal. Okay, well, bone loss happens when our estrogen is below 55. So if we've gone however long, we're still having a period, but it's gotten lighter and more inconsistent, so nobody said we're in menopause yet, but our estrogen has remained low, we have gone so long without the estrogen protection. So there's no direct studies that say that. Estrogen below 55 increases our cardiac risk. But I would imagine if our bones start breaking down at 55, then there is a change that happens as far as our vessel protection, our brain protection that the estrogen provides. We've gone too long without it. So instead of waiting until we're in menopause, which we've gone maybe a decade of long periods without estrogen or low estrogen and whatever and all this, and we have increased our risk, not knowing, you know what I mean? If instead, as our body naturally starts to go like this, we're actually going like this, then we're never going to, not saying that women are never going to have a heart attack again, but we're going to decrease that risk, you know? And that's why they say like starting, so the studies, the WHI, they're like, oh, well, there was an increased risk in these women who had gone too long. with hormone management started, they've had an increased risk when they start estrogen. Those women already had an increased risk of cardiovascular events because they had gone so long without estrogen. The estrogen had called the cardiac event. They had already increased their risk by not having it. So now they're saying starting it at least up to 10 years before to prevent the period of the time of the low estrogen. So I would say I don't think you're starting too soon and I'm not saying we just go in and put you on, you know what I mean? That doesn't make sense. But I do think, and it's nuanced and it's newer and whatever, but cycling with the low-dose estrogen, usually you hear people cycling progesterone, which this being your labs before you start, a lot of times we'll see a big dip in progesterone. And so then we tell patients, okay, the last two weeks before... Before you start progesterone to get that up, yours is nominal. That's not it. I think that yours is probably the drop in the estrogen, but that's why I want to see what your high looks like because this 80 versus 99, whatever, that might be your low. Your threshold may be higher than that, and that's why you're getting those headaches, because our estrogen is dropping. But we don't know until we kind of map it out a little bit further. Does that make sense? Yep. So you tell me when I need to come back for the next one. Yeah. Let's do like two weeks. Okay. When do you say you started? I spotted the last two days, and I believe today is my first full moon. Yeah. So I say we do like two weeks from now and see. If I'm treated over the next two days, I go back to nothing. Should I delay? Yeah, let's just wait. Unless like two weeks until like after you like actually start. Okay, so I'm gonna schedule it, but I'm gonna kind of take the next two days to see what happens, because truly, I don't know if I'm just like having a weird fashion. Yeah, so we'll see. And unless like keep track of that, because then that might change where these actually were too, you know what I mean? Okay. And then you'll see the omegas and the CoQ10. Are you on a probiotic, or what are you doing for your gut health? Nothing. Suffering, that's what I'm doing. I've been very inconsistent over the last two years with whatever supplementation. Well, you were kind of like pregnant, having a baby, and doing things. Okay, well, obviously, everything is processed in the liver and packaged up, and it goes out through our gut too. So that's one thing, and that's kind of One thing that I do see, so yes, our estrogen gets erratic from our ovaries, but two, our gut health because it gets reabsorbed. And it's kind of like, I was telling the lady, it's kind of like taking apart something and then putting it back together and it's not quite as solid as it was the first time around. And that's kind of what happens with our hormones. It's like, they were broken, they already get packaged out, and then it's like, oh, no, we can't get out, so we'll just go back in. But I don't see that in here either. I mean, everything's looking pretty good from this set of labs. I want to also set up a meeting with you to figure out how I can, whatever kind of, you know, relaying my client and vice versa because you need so many of my new data points. Yeah. Well, and I would like to see how... It's really cool and I'm about to do the wearables, so it'll link in Apple Health or Google or whatever devices too. And we put the labs, that's where you'll see your dietary recommendations. It'll have your supplement recommendations. It'll have, you know, your medications and things like that in there. And then the health IQ is where you can actually go in and put, like you can put your mood and your cycle and your symptoms and your sleep and all that. Whether you took supplements or didn't take your supplements and, you know, just kind of track that. And it reports back into your chart online too, which I like because it's like, it's just kind of like, I'm not like doing weight. I'm like, ma'am, you ate a whole chocolate cake yesterday. I can see that. According to this. According to this, I see why. Is there a time that would be good to sit down and go over any of, like? Yeah, I mean, whenever you, you tell me whatever. I mean, we could do, I mean, next week. I haven't been able to move in yet. Oh, you haven't been able to move in yet. Hopefully it'll be ready. I have a client who has very clear female pattern hair loss and she's on testosterone pellet, you know, whatever, and I'm like, hey, you need to go back and talk to them about doing something different. This is not the clear plan for you. That person will not wait for the phone call they have for her. I'm not saying it's not. I just think that you have our things going on that need to be addressed and this needs to be fine. For women, especially perimenopause and on, testosterone is not the only thing that they need. It's just not. And it's not the first thing that they need. And I tell patients that all the time. As we age, we do naturally lose testosterone. Let's say this is 30 here and we start to just naturally decline. This is like 60, right? I mean, most people are going to get menopause before 60, but okay. About 20 to 30 percent of your testosterone is made by your ovaries. So when they finally stop, yeah, you're going to have like a 20 percent drop from wherever it is. But that's not the wall. That's not what causes a wall. When people are in their early 40s, they're not in their balls yet. Their ovary pockets are just shut off yet. That's not why all of a sudden they're like, I don't feel like myself. It's not because the naturally declining testosterone that's been doing what it's been doing for the last decade. It's like, that's something that, yeah, you feel worse than you did when you were 30. Like you're not as energetic or whatever. So yeah, there's that, but that's not what, bam, flattened face. It's your, a lot of times it's progesterone because it's the first one to leave. It's your erratic estrogen. And it's like, testosterone is just like, okay, but we got to get these other stabilizers. So that's that. I just need somebody that would dig a little bit with them. Well, just like you, like nothing's crazy with your hormones, a lot of people think it is. And a lot, you would go somewhere and they would have told you. But it's your iron and your vitamin D, really, and then your emerging insulin resistance that's making you drag. Yeah. You know, it's like, that's what the real problem is. Can we help the hormones and kind of moderate the craziness of perimenopause that's going to be emerging? Yeah. But like right now, you've got to fix these because that's going to make you feel better than anything with the hormones we can do. You're about to ask me about that. Yeah. Any medications? Okay. And then as far as medical history, any kind of surgeries? Surgeries would be, I do have a history of ovaries that get really enlarged. So I had one ruptured in fall of 2004. I had to remove one tenth of my ovaries. I can't remember which one. And so I have like a C-section looking scar. And then again, after having kids, those two pregnancies back to back, when was that? 2021, I had surgery because it was six millimeters. And that was the end of that year and a half after having kids, close to two years. Yeah. And you remember when I got to know you around 2020, do you remember how bad my acne was? Oh yeah. That was that cystic. Yeah, and I do have cystic. Which to me, that's, and that could be a combination of a whole other day. I mean, it's like, what about my testosterone? Well, and that's why I'm like, I mean, it was. Yeah, I don't know what it used to be. Right now it's a little elevated, and I don't want to say it's elevated. Yeah. Because when we're optimizing, we're getting it way higher than that. But that's not for a female's body to naturally be there. I feel like your testosterone probably back then was probably higher and that's where you get the acne and all that kind of stuff. Which I've gone through things. I feel like if we would have tested this over this last year, I did go through another phase. So really right now your skin looks pretty good. It's pretty good. I just said, oh my skin's been great and this week I started to get a little pop up. But it got really pretty bad fall of last year. And so if we were to test some things with it. Anyway, those are the only surgery things. Gotcha. And no history of like... I have not been based on ovarian. Okay, cool. And you don't take any medications? No, I just take every now and then I take medication. Family history, heart attacks, cancers? No cancer. Like I said with my dad, there may be some of that cholesterol dissipating. And then mom had multiple system atrophy. That was more nerve related.
That's all I mean, right?
I don't even know what they really classify that, but I would say that.
And then no breast cancers?
No.
Cool. Any drug allergies?
No.
Okay, cool. So, and I'll just show you this because this is your chart, but this is my system, so it's been recording us the whole time. So, I will...